1	Tailoring
2	Read in Detail
3	Playing Instrument
4	Rest
5	Composing
6	Musical Knowledge
7	Town Cry
8	Campfire
9	First Aid
10	Gathering
11	Handicraft
12	Weaving
13	Weaving
14	Milling
15	Refining
16	Blacksmithing
17	Defense
18	Smash
19	Counterattack
20	Natural Shield
21	Natural Shield Passive
22	Heavy Stander
23	Heavy Stander Passive
24	Mana Deflector
25	Mana Deflector Passive
26	Ranged Attack
27	Magnum Shot
28	Windmill
29	Stomp
30	Instinctive Reaction
31	Combat Mastery
32	Critical Hit
33	Meditation
34	Enchant
35	Enchant
36	Healing
37	매직마스터리
38	Lightning Bolt
39	Thunder
40	Firebolt
41	Fireball
42	Icebolt
43	Ice Spear
44	Hidden Enchant
45	Hidden Resurrection
46	Hidden TownBack
47	Hidden Guild Stone Setting
48	Discharge Cobweb
49	Hidden Blessing
50	풀스윙
51	파이널 스매시
52	Arrow Revolver
53	체인건
54	퓨리 오브 바드
55	Dark Lord
56	Campfire Kit
57	Skill Reset Kit
58	Big Blessing Water Kit
59	Dye
60	Glas Ghaibhleann Skill
61	Chain Casting
62	Cooking
63	Herbalism
64	Potion Making
65	Fishing
66	Pickup Item (GM Skill)
67	Arrow Revolver
68	Super Windmill (GM Skill)
69	자폭
70	Support Shot
71	Elemental Enchant-All Slots
72	Spirit of Order
73	Power of Order
74	Eye of Order
75	Sword of Order
76	Pal. Natural Shield
77	Pal. Heavy Stander
78	Pal. Mana Deflector
79	
80	
81	
82	
83	
84	
85	Description to be shown when Town Cry has not been learned yet.
86	You can make a campfire, but it doesn't seem like you could cook on it and share meals with others.
87	
88	
89	
90	
91	
92	
93	
94	
95	Ranald the combat teacher taught you this skill. But he sent you on an errand in the middle of his sentence. He said something about giving you a book on the Defense skill after you delivered the armor...
96	People say that they saw Ranald use this skill when catching a fox. They say it is a powerful skill, but is there a way for you to learn this skill?
97	You know that this skill allows you to counter an enemy's attack, but you're not quite sure yet. Perhaps you'll understand when you get hit.
98	
99	
100	
101	
102	
103	
104	
105	You know that this skill allows you to use a more powerful attack with a long-range weapon. But you don't know exactly how.
106	They say this skills defeats surrounding enemies by consuming the user's HP. You should ask the combat teacher in Dunbarton for details.
107	Description for Stomp when it has not been learned yet.
108	Description to be shown when Instinctive Reaction has not been learned yet.
109	
110	Even a normal attack can be lethal when it is aimed at the enemy's vital body parts. But you don't know the exact timing for this. Perhaps you'll understand when you get hit with this skill...
111	Stewart, the magic teacher in Dunbarton, said that he would teach you how to control the flow of mana once you have learned the three basic elemental spells.
112	Not usable in the current state.
113	Not usable in the current state.
114	They say this spell restores HP, but you don't know exactly how.
115	
116	They say this spell casts a lightning arrow. But you don't know the details.
117	A form of magic that involves summoning clouds to fire thunder at an enemy. No other detail is known.
118	They say this spell casts a fire bolt. But you don't know the details.
119	A form of magic that involves throwing a ball of fire to an enemy. No other detail is known.
120	They say this spell casts an ice bolt. But you don't know the details.
121	They say this is a form of magic attack using an ice spear. I don't know much about the details.
122	Not usable in the current state.
123	
124	
125	
126	
127	
128	내가 공격한 적 뿐만 아니라 주변의 적들에게도 대미지를 입히는 스킬이라고 한다.
129	스매시를 일반 공격과 섞어서 연타로 쓰는 스킬이라고 한다. 정말 강할 것 같다.
130	They say this skill enables you to load up to 5 arrows before firing.
131	They say this skill enables you to load up to 5 arrows consecutively at one time.
132	악기로 적을 공격하는 스킬이라고 한다. 상태이상도 걸 수 있다는 것 같다.
133	Dark Lord Teleport
134	Activated when a Camping Kit is used
135	Activated when a Downgrade Skill Kit is used
136	Activated when a Large Blessing Water is used
137	Activated when a Dye Ampoule is used
138	Glas Ghaibhleann-exclusive Skill
139	Mores only skill. This is a skill of an archmage where a single casting produces the result equivalent to that with 5 charges.
140	
141	
142	
143	
144	
145	They say this skill enables you to load up to 5 arrows before firing.
146	
147	자폭스킬(임시)
148	You have heard that this skill allows you to inflict damage upon your enemies without getting in the way of your allies. This seems like an essential skill for an archer.
149	Not usable in the current state.
150	You cannot use this right now.
151	You cannot use this right now.
152	You cannot use this right now.
153	You cannot use this right now.
154	You cannot use this right now.
155	You cannot use this right now.
156	You cannot use this right now.
157	When you have a needle and thread, you love decorating your clothes. Cutting and trimming fabric to make clothes can be a good job, but it is a brilliant way of expressing your uniqueness, charm, and creativity. Words cannot express the sense of accomplishment when you have gathered the necessary materials and produced the desired piece of clothing. First, you need a Tailoring Kit and tailoring materials such as Cloth and Finishing Thread. Refer to a Sewing Pattern to make the clothing you want. The necessary materials will vary depending on the Sewing Pattern to be used. Finishing Thread is used for the final needlework.
158	
159	Poetry and songs are a river of knowledge and wisdom that have been passed down through generations. Every note that leaps forth from an instrument speaks in that most universal of languages. Learn this skill if you want to understand the basics of musical theory and performance. This skill allows you to play tunes that have captivated many ears and hearts with instrumental melodies. It is not simply about learning musical technique; this skill will also reward you with more sentimental and magic-like effects.
160	Resting is an important aspect of your life in Erinn. Make sure to take adequate rest if you want to maintain your health. Especially when you are wounded during a battle and your body is aching, or when you are fatigued from a hard day's work, it is good to know how to take a rest that soothes and restores your body's energy.
161	There are times when you want to create your own music. As with many bards who have made history, learn this skill if you want to express the stories and images of life through your own music. You don't have to just play other people's scores, but can create your own.
162	With this skill, you can explore the nature of songs that contain endless wisdom and magical effects. You can nurture various musical talents by studying music, songs, and poetry. Encompassing a wide spectrum of knowledge from reading and writing scores to the meanings of masterpieces, this skill is a must-have if you desire a more systematic and professional understanding of music.
163	The Town Cry skill is useful when you want to convey a message quickly to everyone. Although shouting at your surroundings to convey a message may be considered primitive by many, producing a loud voice that is far-reaching in real life is neither primitive nor easy. Remember that many great generals and heroes of great renown did not hesitate to use the Town Cry skill.
164	Every night, adventurers sleep in a vast wilderness, making home wherever they may go. The combination of a warm campfire, hunted meat, and a bard's song can dissipate any kind of fatigue. This skill allows you to gather common wooden branches to make a campfire. The campfire will help you recover from fatigue and keep you safe from animals that fear fire.
165	In battle, you often sustain a wound that cannot be easily treated with natural or magical healing. Medical treatment is needed to recover from such a wound and this First Aid skill can help you. You are also able to heal others as well as yourself. If you want to administer it to someone else, make them sit down first before using this skill.
166	Gathering natural resources is the most basic of life skills. You can use this skill to gather lumber, draw water, and mine for minerals. You will even be able to gather wool from sheep and cobwebs from white spiders.
167	Transforming several kinds of materials and combining them to create objects that function in unforeseen ways is a very interesting skill. Such work requires manual dexterity, precise understanding of the materials, and a high level of concentration to make this combination work. However, it is a difficult task to explain the necessity of these elements to someone who wishes to create something. People refer to all of these basic elements as the Craft skill. This skill will help anyone who wishes to make something out of common materials.
168	Although effective in keeping oneself warm, leather garments are constricting and heavy, and many animals need to be hunted to make one. This naturally led to creating lighter garments which can be made in a less dangerous way. The Weaving skill allows you to create thread from natural resources such as wool to weave fabric. In order to learn and effectively use the Weaving skill, you must have an eye for detail and put in your most sincere efforts. While these are difficult criteria to accomplish, knowing that many people are able to create beautiful garments with the fabric that you have weaved using the Weaving skill will be quite fulfilling. Remember that you require tools such as Spinning Wheels and Looms to use the skill.
169	Although effective in keeping oneself warm, leather garments are constricting and heavy, and many animals need to be hunted to make one. This naturally led to creating lighter garments which can be made in a less dangerous way. The Weaving skill allows you to create thread from natural resources such as wool to weave fabric. In order to learn and effectively use the Weaving skill, you must have an eye for detail and put in your most sincere efforts. While these are difficult criteria to accomplish, knowing that many people are able to create beautiful garments with the fabric that you have weaved using the Weaving skill will be quite fulfilling. Remember that you require tools such as Spinning Wheels and Looms to use the skill.
170	
171	While the ore you unearth is nice and hard, you can't do anything with it if it contains metal, dirt, and sand mixed in it. Not only does it make it difficult to build metal products of adequate quality, it is also difficult to produce even any results. Therefore, in order to use metal, a process in which pure metal is gained from ore is essential. This is where the Refine skill comes in. Through this skill, you can gain pure metal ingots or bars from ore. Do note that you can use this skill only when there is a Furnace to melt the ore in.
172	This skill is required when creating an item by using metal ingots. It involves melting ingots and pouring the ore into a mold, then hammering, heating, and cooling it. Once you thoroughly learn this skill, you can make weapons. But, in order to use this skill, you will need an Anvil to beat the heated metal.
173	You can protect yourself from any attack of the enemy in close-quarter combat by using this Defense skill. Remember that, while Defense is a way to protect your body, it also lets you retaliate. Successfully defending yourself disrupts the enemy's flow of attacks, opening themselves up to your attack. If you determine that you are on the defensive during a battle due to the one-sided attack of the enemy, you can instantly turn the tide of the battle by using this skill. Don't be discouraged even if your enemy does not lose his flow of attack, but persistently lead him on to spend his energy. After tiring out the enemy, administer a quiet and calm strike. Defense is the most effective preparation for your attacks.
174	At your first opportunity, use the Smash skill to nearby enemies. This powerful attack skill will send them flying. If your enemy repeats the cycle of retreating and defending at your coming onslaught, don't hesitate to seize the battle initiative by using a powerful skill like Smash.
175	Making a reverse use of the enemy's force is one of the most fundamental battle strategies against a powerful enemy. The Melee Counterattack skill deals with such reverse use of an enemy's attack. Learning this skill will allow you to maintain a high level of concentration, enabling you to counter any attack from your enemy. With damage in direct proportion to the power of the enemy's attack, Melee Counterattack is an essential skill when battling a powerful enemy.
176	
177	
178	
179	
180	
181	
182	Attacking the enemy from a place where his attacks cannot reach you is the easiest way to defeat an enemy. This is an obvious fact, but it's not so simple during actual battle. In a long range attack, a weapon that enables such an attack and the skill to handle that weapon with precision are critical. Containing the basics of long range attacks, learning Ranged Attack enables you to carry out more accurate and powerful attacks from a distance. However, this one thing must not be forgotten - long range attacks are not accomplished by instant mental understanding but through persistent practice and training. The idea of a battle without risks is appealing, but it also requires much preparation and grueling training.
183	Carrying an immense punch in a single long-range shot - thus delivering great impact that the enemy can't handle - makes this Magnum Shot skill appealing. The enemy wounded by this attack will collapse before they can even approach you. Not only that, even if it only grazes the enemy, this powerful skill will topple the enemy's morale and make them tremble in fear even before starting the battle. If you have reached a point where you can control the tempo in your concentration and the power of your attack, practice delivering a great impact on your target with this skill. This is easier said than done, however.
184	Even for a melee combat master, escaping the attacks of multiple opponents is not an easy task. When dealing with one opponent, you cannot avoid the attacks of another one that takes advantage of the situation. This skill enables you to escape from danger by exchanging a little bit of your life. Knock out the surrounding enemies attacking you and escape. This skill is even more useful when you've been knocked down by successive attacks of your opponents.
185	Stomp description
186	Instinctive Reaction description goes here.
187	Combat Mastery skill is an essential skill for more effective engagement in close-quarter combat. This skill is based on discipline of the body rather than knowledge. With high Combat Mastery skill, you deliver more powerful attacks than someone who is not using this skill. While this skill does not have fancy, conspicuous effects like other skills, it has an automatic, general effect in close-quarter combat.
188	If you learn to strike the weak points on your enemy, it's not so difficult to deliver only a few blows to end a powerful enemy that looks down his nose at you. Although ordinary people attribute such strikes to coincidence, calling it a lucky shot, critical hits don't happen accidentally, no matter how lucky you are. This skill is impossible without careful observations of your enemy and identifying his weakness. The more you train yourself in this skill, the more opportunities you will have in delivering a critical hit.
189	Mana is incredibly precious to someone who practices magic. Generated by receiving the moonlight of Eweca, mana is not even replenished during the day when Eweca is not in sight. But you can use this Meditation skill to put your mind into a state of extreme tranquility, increasing the mana absorption rate.
190	Enchant refers to imbuing magical effects on an item. It is a tragedy to see an expensive scroll turn to dust after a failed attempt at enchanting an item. You can learn this Enchant skill and use the Magic Powder as a catalyst in place of scrolls. Use this skill while holding the Magic Powder in the right hand and the Enchant scroll in the left. Even if your attempt fails, you will not lose the scroll.\n\nWhen performing an Enchanter's Burn on an item using the Campfire skill, there is a chance to obtain one, both, or none of the Enchant Scrolls. In any attempt, the item will be destroyed, unless the item is protected using an Enchant Extraction Protection Potion.
191	Enchant refers to imbuing magical effects on an item. It is a tragedy to see an expensive scroll turn to dust after a failed attempt at enchanting an item. You can learn this Enchant skill and use the Magic Powder as a catalyst in place of scrolls. Use this skill while holding the Magic Powder in the right hand and the Enchant scroll in the left. Even if your attempt fails, you will not lose the scroll.\n\nWhen performing an Enchanter's Burn on an item using the Campfire skill, there is a chance to obtain one, both, or none of the Enchant Scrolls. In any attempt, the item will be destroyed, unless the item is protected using an Enchant Extraction Protection Potion.
192	Healing magic replenishes HP by using mana which is the fundamental force that makes up this world. Healing magic recovers a certain amount of HP in the target, and this helps to recover the target's energy which was lost due to heavy adventuring. In addition, the power of this magic is strong enough to affect the target as well as the caster. The caster who has finished preparing to cast this magic is protected from external attacks by the power of magic. The effectiveness and the experience points from this magic increase when Life is running low, so proper timing would be helpful. But you must remember this one thing - that the magic only recovers HP, it cannot treat wounds.
193	
194	Using electricity as the medium, this magic creates a small lightning bolt that penetrates the target. While the lightning hits the target in the blink of an eye, the pain inflicted on the target is prolonged. Lightningbolt can be even more powerful when combined with the spells cast by other casters around you. It can also spread from the main target to other nearby enemies. Repeatedly preparing Lightningbolt can reinforce such a chain reaction.
195	This skill involves creating a high-voltage cloud using mana, then fire thunder at unsuspecting enemies. The sheer power of the thunder affects every enemy in the vicinity. Summon the spell multiple times to accumulate more voltage, creating a more powerful thunder.
196	All things are imbued with the heat gifted by the sun. Drawing a little bit of that heat from everywhere and focusing it on a single point turns it into a pure flame, burning around the caster. A fireball created this way can be fired at the will of the caster, and the heat instantly consumes the target upon impact. The more mana you concentrate, the more powerful the Firebolt becomes. That is, reciting the incantation multiple times makes your attack much more powerful.
197	If firebolt is considered the bullet, then fireball is the cannonball of fire-related skills. The fireball is created by spinning fire elemental at a rapid speed around an imaginary center point. Because this ball is created through spinning, creating inertial gravity, it gives off the impression that a very heavy canonball is flying through the air.
198	Icebolt is an offensive spell with ice properties. It uses mana to focus the moisture in the air on one point, rapidly freezing it. The sharp ice shards created through instant freezing are then successively fired at the enemy. Frozen ice shards can cause as much damage as a well-sharpened blade, and they also generate mana and reduce enemy movement speed. While the casting time is long, an Icebolt that has been prepared can be instantly fired at the enemy. It should be assumed that, when there are ice shards revolving around a caster, they can be fired at anytime. These fearsome Icebolts can hit an archer before he draws the bow string, repeatedly attacking the target before the pain has even had a chance to subside.
199	The Ice Spear skill uses MP to gather water particles in the air and turns them into a spear shaped ice.  The ice spear is created above the targeted object to take advantage of its weight and acceleration by the gravity. The ice spear has greater piercing power compared to the ice bolt, and therefore can incur damage over enemies in the surrounding area.  
200	A hidden skill used when enchanting with only a scroll
201	Hidden skill used when reviving with a Resurrection Feather
202	A hidden skill used when returning to the town with a Town Scroll
203	A hidden skill used when setting a Guild Stone on the field
204	A skill reserved for spider monsters to drop Cobwebs.
205	
206	근접 전투의 경험자라면 누구나 한번쯤 가져보았을 생각 - 어째서 한번의 스윙으로 한 명의 적 만을 공격할 수 있는가? 라는 의문에서 풀스윙 스킬은 탄생되었다. 팔로우 스윙을 충분히 하여 타겟을 공격한 후에도 충분한 속도를 낼수만 있다면 한번의 스윙으로 여러명의 타겟을 공격하는 것도 불가능하지는 않다. 다만 상당한 스태미나가 뒷받침되지 않는다면 스킬을 사용하는 것 조차 버거울 것이다.
207	스매시의 약점인 느린 공격 속도를 보완한 것이 파이널 스매시이다. 파이널 스매시를 사용하고 적을 공격하면 일반 공격 연타후 마지막 공격으로 스매시를 날린다. 그렇지만, 누구라도 예상할 수 있듯 이 스킬을 사용하는데는 스태미나가 상당히 많이 필요하기 때문에 사용에 주의를 요한다.
208	The Arrow Revolver skill was invented not by archers but wizards. The idea of loading arrows in advance came from charging Icebolts. For beginners, it would be challenging to load even 2 arrows due to the high tension of the bow string. Thus, loading 5 arrows and maintaining that state would seem mysterious and almost magical to beginners.
209	체인건은 다섯발의 화살을 연달아서 발사하는 스킬이다. 이것은 활의 달인들이 여러대의 화살을 미리 활과 함께 쥐고, 첫번째 화살을 발사하면서 그 반작용의 힘을 손목으로 조절하여 두번째 화살을 장전하고 발사한다. 이것을 반복하는 것이 체인건이다. 연달아서 발사하기 위해서 정확한 타겟에의 조준은 포기해야 한다.
210	전투에 지친 전사들의 피로를 날려버리는 아름다운 음악을 연주하는 악기가 때로는 무서운 무기로 사용된다. 악기를 던져서 적을 공격하는 음유시인의 분노가 극에 달하면, 악기의 울림이 적을 상태이상에 빠지게 한다.
211	
212	
213	
214	
215	
216	
217	Mores only skill. This is a skill of an archmage where a single casting produces the result equivalent to that with 5 charges.
218	You can cook with various food ingredients. You can learn recipes through books or NPCs.
219	Herbalism is an essential skill when identifying and gathering herbs in the wilderness. There are exceptional cases of the uninitiated in Herbalism successfully gathering herbs by luck. However, gathering herbs is a very delicate process and beginners in Herbalism can often ruin intact herbs. Rare herbs tend to grow only in the deepest regions of a dungeon and, therefore, you should regularly study the different kinds of herbs and practice a careful gathering skill.
220	Once you know how, creating potions with herbs is not such a difficult skill. But, rare potions require equally rare ingredients, and extra care should be exercised in handling them.
221	Fishing is a useful skill to use when catching fish in the water. You can easily start fishing with a Fishing Rod and Bait, but you need more than that to fish even better. You must know how to adequately attach the Bait, have the judgment to choose a good place, and have the patience to wait until a fish is caught once all the preparation is done. Once fish is caught, you must control the single fishing line and quickly snatch it up as the fish will challenge you with its strength. This is why many people refer to experienced fishermen as the masters of life.
222	A skill that allows you to transfer far away items directly into the inventory
223	The Arrow Revolver skill was invented not by archers but wizards. The idea of loading arrows in advance came from charging Icebolts. For beginners, it would be challenging to load even 2 arrows due to the high tension of the bow string. Thus, loading 5 arrows and maintaining that state would seem mysterious and almost magical to beginners.
224	
225	자폭스킬(임시)
226	A common mistake even for proficient archers is to be overly confident in the power of his own arrow so that he steps out of line in his supporting role. He would then get in the way of other warriors' battle to death and snatch away their accomplishment. The Support Shot skill allows for the wisdom and discernment to use the bow with the whole battle scene in mind rather than the archer's target. The Support Shot skill is an integral part in the way of a respected archer.
227	A hidden skill used when enchanting with only a scroll
228	A skill that enables one to become a Paladin. A number of character stats will go through a significant boost, while the character will be temporarily equipped with Paladin-only armors. This skill does not last long, however, and it's only available once a day in Erinn time.
229	With help from God, become a Paladin with immense strength and unshakable will.
230	Become a Paladin with immense dexterity and outstanding balance, with help from a Spirit Weapon.
231	Become a Paladin with powerful attacking skills with human intelligence.
232	Able to successfully defend long range attacks by becoming a Paladin.
233	Able to successfully defend melee attacks by becoming a Paladin.
234	Able to successfully defend magic spells by becoming a Paladin.
235	Pet Buffing
236	
237	
238	Handicraft
239	It's very fascinating to use various kinds of materials to create and manipulate items that may have unexpected functions available. In order to do this, one must be equipped with nimble hands, a thorough understanding of the materials, and a high level of concentration required to catch just the right combination of items for maximum effect. Explaining all this to everyone hoping to create something from scratch is a difficult task, however. Adding all these up, people began to call this knowledge the Handicraft skill. To anyone that desires to create something from scratch, this skill may be a godsend.
241	If you have purchased the Handicraft Kit, then you should now read the Handicraft skillbook in detail to acquire the skill. The book can be found in bookstores.
242	Web Spinning
243	This is currently unavailable.
245	A skill that enables one to produce cobwebs using mana.
246	This skill defeats the surrounding enemies by sacrificing your own HP.
247	Dragon Tail Attack
248	드래곤 전용 스킬 꼬리 공격
249	
250	Petrifying Roar
251	
256	This is the elemental principles of magic casting commonly learned by those proficient in magic.
257	Magic is a way of resonating mana that exists in this world with nature, manipulating it with the powers of the caster. An immensely delicate process that requires a high level of concentration, it is no exaggeration to say that those who are proficient in magic casting are that much closer to the laws that make up this world. The greater the variety of magic learned and used, the greater the general understanding of magic. Under the divine protection of Magic Mastery, the wizard's power and knowledge to control mana will grow deeper.
258	Fire Breath
259	Dash
260	드래곤 전용 스킬
261	드래곤 전용 스킬
262	드래곤 전용 스킬
263	드래곤 전용 스킬
264	Hidden Poison Lathering Skill
265	
266	
267	Production Mastery
268	Fishing is a useful skill to use when catching fish in the water. You can easily start fishing with a Fishing Rod and Bait, but you need more than that to fish even better. You must know how to adequately attach the Bait, have the judgment to choose a good place, and have the patience to wait until a fish is caught once all the preparation is done. Once fish is caught, you must control the single fishing line and quickly snatch it up as the fish will challenge you with its strength. This is why many people refer to experienced fishermen as the masters of life.
271	Party Healing
275	A spell that simultaneously recovers the HP of your fellow party mates.
278	This skill enhances the senses related to making, which almost all skills in the Making domain commonly possess, with the exception of Cooking and Enchant.
279	Making something, no matter what it is, requires selecting the material, shaping it, and then properly combining them. One who mentally organizes the relationship of parts and how these parts combine to form the resulting product will develop patience and tenacity that he didn't have before. This leads to improved Stamina. Production Mastery is a skill that reflects the heart of the maker. The heart of the maker who imagines the completed product has more delicate skill, and his intense desire and imagination leads to successful incarnation of the result in the real world. Making something or discovering in order to make something is the driving force that develops the Production Mastery skill. (But Enchant seems to be in a separate domain.)
280	Healing is a magical spell that enables one to gather HP for those in need. Party Healing works the same way, except that it not only helps just one other person but all the members of the party to which the person belongs. In theory, Party Healing is very similar to Healing, as both skills can be upgraded to the point of mastery where the spell may provide increased defense from outside attacks, or increased magic attack power as more party members are healed. The one caveat is that the spell only recovers HP and does not help for healing injuries.
281	Magic Mastery
282	Every night, adventurers sleep in a vast wilderness, making their home wherever they may go. The combination of a warm campfire, freshly hunted game, and a bard's song can dissipate any kind of fatigue. This skill allows you to gather common Firewood to make a campfire. This campfire will help you recover from fatigue and keep you safe from animals that fear fire.\n\nWhen performing an Enchanter's Burn on an item at a Campfire, there is a chance to obtain one, both, or none of the Enchant Scrolls. In any attempt, the item will be destroyed, unless the item is protected using an Enchant Extraction Protection Potion. In order to extract an Enchant, you'll need a Mana Herb and a Holy Water of Lymilark.
283	자폭스킬(액티브)
284	자폭스킬(액티브)
285	The true power of Paladin stems from utilizing the armor that protects his/her body with the aid of nature's innate power. Natural Shield is the skill that allows the Paladin to acquire abilities to defend self from long range attacks, and it's triggered at random when transforming into a Paladin. When this skill is triggered, the Paladin may protect with the power of wind that offer resistance to arrows and other projectiles. Once this skill is triggered, the Paladin will be protected from other projectiles without requiring too much concentration. Of course, this power of wind that offers resistance does not offer 100% bulletproof protection. It only minimizes the damage that can be occurred through arrows and other projectiles by offering a strong resistance.
286	The true power of Paladin stems from utilizing the armor that protects his/her body with the aid of nature's innate power. Heavy Stander is the skill that allows the Paladin to acquire abilities to defend self from melee attacks, and it's triggered at random when transforming into a Paladin. When this skill is triggered, the Paladin may protect self with the power of rock that offer resistance to melee attacks. Sustaining this effect requires an amazingly high level of concentration, so no mere human being can sustain this for too long. Thus, this amazing power is usually stemmed from the power of nature, which means it does not occur by choice. If the effect of this skill is evident when attacked by an enemy, then the damage received from the attack is bounced right off to the enemy, temporarily stunning the enemy for a split second, which will allow for a powerful counterattack.
287	The true power of Paladin stems from utilizing the armor that protects his/her body with the aid of nature's innate power. Mana Deflector is the skill that allows the Paladin to acquire abilities to defend self from magic attacks, and it's triggered at random when transforming into a Paladin. When this skill is triggered, the Paladin may protect with the power of light that offer resistance to lower-leveled magic attacks. Once this skill is triggered, the Paladin will be protected from lower-level magic attacks without requiring too much concentration. Firebolts and other magic skills that offer instant damages cannot be blocked with this skill, however, and it will offer no resistance against mid-leveled spells that require a powerful dose of mana.
288	자폭스킬(액티브)
290	You cannot use this right now.
295	You cannot use this right now.
296	You cannot use this right now.
297	You cannot use this right now.
304	You cannot use this right now.
305	You cannot use this right now.
306	You cannot use this right now.
311	You cannot use this right now.
313	Soul of Chaos
314	Body of Chaos
315	Mind of Chaos
317	Dark Natural Shield
318	Dark Heavy Stander
319	Dark Mana Deflector
320	Control of Darkness
326	Sharp Mind
327	싸움에서 이기기 위해 필요한 것은 무조건적인 힘이 아니라, 적절한 시점에 행사되는 정확한 판단력이다. 이 사실을 알게 되었을 때 적과 맞서는 순간 상대방이 준비하는 스킬을 알아보는 것은 가치 있는 일이 된다. 샤프 마인드라는 이름은 그렇게 이 스킬의 가치를 아는 사람들에 의해서 붙여진 것으로, 이 스킬을 적절히 사용할 줄 안다는 것은 모리안 여신의 축복이라 해도 지나친 말이 아니다. 샤프 마인드 스킬은 상대방의 낌새를 느끼고, 상대방이 자신을 어떤 방법으로 공격하거나 자신의 공격을 피할 것이냐를 꿰뚫어볼 수 있게 해준다. 실제로 가르치거나 배우는 것은 그다지 어려운 일은 아니지만, 급박한 싸움에서 의식적으로 이 스킬을 사용할 수 있는 경우는 거의 없다. 이 스킬의 축복을 받은 사람이 그렇지 못한 사람으로부터 부러움을 사는 것은 이러한 이유로, 오늘도 많은 사람들이 전투를 통해 이 스킬을 연마하고자 힘쓴다.
328	You don't know it yet. This skill seems to enable you to see the skill of the animals or the Evil Forces when you fight them.
329	Hands of Chaos
334	A skill that enables one to become a Dark Knight. A number of character stats will go through a significant boost, while the character will be temporarily equipped with Dark Knight Armors. If this skill is sustained for longer than the allotted time, the power of darkness will become unbearable and start applying negative pressure to the body. It's only available once a day in Erinn time.
335	This skill strengthens the body by drawing powers from inner darkness. This skill allows one to become a Dark Knight with immense strength and high level of balance.
336	This skill increases the level of intelligence by drawing powers from inner darkness lodged in one's head. This skill allows one to become a Dark Knight with immense intelligence and destructive level of critical hit.
337	This skill strengthens the techniques and skills by drawing powers from inner darkness within one's hands. This skill allows one to become a Dark Knight with immense dexterity and destructive level of injury rate on others.
338	The true power of Dark Knight stems from utilizing the armor that protects his/her body with the aid of one's will. Dark Natural Shield is the skill that's similar to Paladin's Natural Shield, in that it allows Dark Knight to acquire abilities to defend self from long range attacks, and it's triggered at random when transforming into Dark Knight. When this skill is triggered, the Dark Knight may protect with the power of erg that offer resistance to arrows and other projectiles. Once this skill is triggered, the Dark Knight will be protected from other projectiles without requiring too much concentration. Of course, this power of wind that offers resistance does not offer 100% bulletproof protection. It only minimizes the damage that can be occurred through arrows and other projectiles by offering a strong resistance.
339	The true power of Dark Knight stems from utilizing the armor that protects his/her body with the aid of one's will. Dark Heavy Stander is the skill that is similar to Paladin's Heavy Stander in that it allows Dark Knight to acquire abilities to defend from melee attacks, and it's triggered at random when transforming into Dark Knight. When this skill is triggered, the Dark Knight may protect self by instantly strengthening the armor and the muscles that offer resistance to melee attacks. It is a tough task to block out and defend against all the attacks at once, however, which means the skill does not occur by choice, but is triggered at random. If the effect of this skill is evident when attacked by an enemy, then the damage received from the attack is bounced right off to the enemy, temporarily stunning the enemy for a split second, which will allow for a powerful counterattack.
340	다크나이트의 진정한 힘은 인간 내면의 가능성을 최대한으로 끌어내어 자신의 몸을 둘러싼 갑옷에 자신의 의지에 따른 효과를 부여하는 것이다. 다크 마나 리프랙터는 팔라딘의 마나 리프랙터와 같은 효과를 가지는 스킬로서, 다크나이트 변신시에 선택적으로 발동되어 마법 공격에 대한 방어 능력을 얻게 해준다. 이 능력이 발동되면 몸 속에서 발산되는 어둠의 힘이 공격해온 마법의 마나를 먹어 치우듯 흡수해버려 충격과 피해를 대부분 없애버린다. 다만, 마나가 흘러넘치는 중급 마법이나 충격을 주는 데 특화된 파이어 볼트 등의 마법은 다 흡수하지 못하여 그 파괴력을 모두 막아내지는 못한다.
343	From the darkness within, this skill allows you to control animals or Fomors in the vicinity. The more powerful the animal/Fomor you’re trying to tame, the stronger they will resist the skill, but the stronger the skill’s power will have over them once tamed. The more powerful the animal/Fomor, the longer it will do your bidding. This skill requires a special Fomor Scroll, which can be easily obtained from other humans.
344	In order to emerge victorious from a battle, you don't just need strength, but you need accurate judgment carried out at the right time. When you understand this, it becomes valuable to recognize the skill that the enemy is preparing when you first face him. The skill, Sharp Mind, was named by those who understand the value of this skill, and it is no exaggeration to say that knowing how to use this skill adequately is the blessing of Goddess Morrighan. Sharp Mind enables you to read the enemy's movement and see how the enemy will attack you or evade your attack. While it is not so difficult to actually teach or learn this skill, consciously using this skill in a pressing battle seldom happens, and this is the reason why those who are blessed by this skill are envied by those who are not. Even today, many people endeavor to train themselves in this skill through combat.
345	The true power of Dark Knight stems from utilizing the armor that protects his/her body with the aid of one's will. Dark Mana Deflector is just like Paladin's Mana Deflector in that it is the skill that allows the Dark Knight to acquire abilities to defend self from magic attacks, and it's triggered at random when transforming into Dark Knight. When this skill is triggered, the Dark Knight may protect self with the power of darkness that absorbs the mana that is produced in magic attacks, eliminating most of the damage. Firebolts and other magic skills that offer instant damages cannot be blocked with this skill, however, and it cannot absorb all the mana produced from mid-leveled spells and therefore will not be able to block it out.
346	Meditaion for Pets
347	
348	
349	Hide Sketch Skill
350	
351	
352	Hide L-Rod-Use Skill 
353	
354	
355	Hide Bomb-Use Skill
356	
357	
358	Block World (GM Skill)
359	
360	
361	Open Treasure Chest
362	
363	
371	Sandworm Dash
372	Exclusive Sandworm Skill
373	
376	인피니트 슬래시
377	You cannot use this right now.
378	인피니트 슬래시는 근접 전투에서 강력한 위력을 발휘할 수 있는 공격 기술로, 육체의 힘을 극한까지 끌어올려 떨어지는 꽃보다 현란한 움직임으로 적을 거침없이 쓰러뜨린다. 이때 허공을 가로지르는 검의 속도로 순간이동해 상대를 제압할 수 있으며, 양손에 검을 들었을 때는 적에게 공격을 받더라도 위축됨 없이 계속해서 검을 휘두를 수 있다. 양손이 아닌 한 손으로 무기를 들었을 때는 날카로운 휘몰아침으로 한순간에 상대를 날려버린다.
379	Sandworm Melee Attack
381	Play dead
387	Street performance
401	A skill that enables you to become invisible, by using MP. While you are in the invisible state, you are completely not seen by neither monsters nor animals, nor other people. You can, by will, deactivate the skill, but you will become visible again upon becoming drained of MP, or if you attack, or are attacked by an enemy.
403	Sketch
404	The skill for drawing a sketch of an animal or an artifact on paper. You can purchase sketch paper from the General shop and/or other such shops.
406	Use this skill if you want to be paid for playing beautiful and moving music for an audience. You must 'use' this skill before you start playing, and you will get a donation box in which the audience can put in Gold to show their appreciation.
407	L-Rod Exploration
408	Play dead
409	Hide
410	Performance
411	A skill that helps you to locate objects using a tool. When you hold the L-Rod and start searching the area, you will start getting a response from the L-Rod, in light and sound, as you draw near to the treasure, at which point you will hear four loud beeps. When the L-Rod is beeping as such, click on the X hotkey and click on the ground using the mouse's cursor. The L-Rod will then reveal the artifact that has been hidden nearby. If an artifact does not appear, try to click on another spot.
412	The action for pretending that you are totally incapacitated. You are just pretending so people will most likely not be fooled all that easily, but if you are actually getting attacked by a monster, this action is worth trying. Just pretend that you are dead and lie there still for a while. You may actually fool the monster afterall, which may, in the end, save your life. 
413	The skill for drawing a sketch of an animal or an artifact on paper. You can purchase sketch paper from the General shop and/or other such shops.
414	A skill that helps you to locate objects using a tool. When you hold the L-Rod and start searching the area, you will start getting a response from the L-Rod, in light and sound, as you draw near to the treasure, at which point you will hear four loud beeps. When the L-Rod is beeping as such, click on the X hotkey and click on the ground using the mouse's cursor. The L-Rod will then reveal the artifact that has been hidden nearby. If an artifact does not appear, try to click on another spot.
418	Land Maker
419	The action for transforming landscapes using a tool. Use the L-Rod of Cold Wind to either lower the sand hills, or the L-Rod of warm wind to raise the sand hills.
420	The action for transforming landscapes using a tool. Use the L-Rod of Cold Wind to either lower the sand hills, or the L-Rod of warm wind to raise the sand hills.
421	Final Hit
422	The final hit is an attack skill that is most effective in melee combat which brings down the enemy with crazed force that pushes the body's strength to its limits. You can defeat the enemy by instantaneously moving in the speed of a sword in the air, which allows you to keep swinging your sword even when you are under attack by the enemy as long as you are holding the sword in both hands. If you are holding a weapon in just one hand, you will be able to blow away your enemy with a single swing in the air.
423	A simulating act that allows one to pretend he/she is knocked unconscious. This will not fool the human beings, but try using this skill when knocked to the ground because of a monster attack. Use the skill to lie still for a prolonged period of time. This will eventually fool the monster to fall for it and leave the area, avoiding further damage.
424	A skill that enables you to become invisible, by using MP. While you are in the invisible state, you are completely not seen by neither monsters nor animals, nor other people. You can, by will, deactivate the skill, but you will become visible again upon becoming drained of MP, or if you attack, or are attacked by an enemy.
425	Use this skill if you want to be paid for playing beautiful and moving music for an audience. You must 'use' this skill before you start playing, and you will get a donation box in which the audience can put in Gold to show their appreciation.
426	Rock Throwing
427	
428	
429	Infection
430	
431	
432	A skill that allows you to load up and shoot out elemental powers on a bow.
433	An attack skill that allows for combining the powers of various elements such as electricity, fire and ice, and to load it up and shoot out on a bow. May seem like its direct attack powers are relatively low, but an enemy who has been attacked by this skill once will notice a significant drain in HP, bringing the enemy down to near complete incapacitation. Such effects can even spread to others that are nearby.  
434	Mirage Missile
435	
436	
437	You can pick up a stone from the ground and either throw it on an enemy or an object. Casting this stone will not incur any damages on the enemy, but it does work when you want to bring the attention of the enemy toward you.
438	You cannot use this right now.
439	You can pick up a stone from the ground and either throw it on an enemy or an object. Casting this stone will not incur any damages on the enemy, but it does work when you want to bring the attention of the enemy toward you.
440	A skill that allows for loading up the erg of a mirage, which has been developed by using mana, on a bow and shooting. This skill can potentially incur great damages on a multitude of enemies. The enemy that is hit with the mirage missile falls into a kind of shock state, as if fallen into a mirage in the middle of a sandy desert. The enemy's HP will fall significantly, and infect any others nearby with the same symptoms. As low as the HP may get, however, it will not fall below 1.  
441	Race Transformation
442	You cannot use this right now.
443	Helps you transform to a different race.
444	Windmill
445	A skill that helps to defeat all enemies nearby while exhausting your HP.
446	Even if you are extremely good at fighting close-range combats, getting out of a dire situation in which you are being attacked by a multiple number of enemies is not an easy task. You might have a handle on one monster, but soon enough another will be on your coattail, ready to bring you down. This skill helps you in such dangerous situations, for the small price of HP usage. Defeat the enemies surrounding you, then get away from that site. This skill is extremely useful, especially when you've been hit multiple times by the enemy and have fallen to the ground.
447	Bomb Ignition
448	This is the Bomb Ignition skill.
449	This is the Bomb Ignition skill.
450	Dice Tossing
454	
455	
457	
458	
466	Life Drain
467	Drain HP from nearby enemies and make it yours.
469	Use the Roll the Dice action for fun anywhere and at any time. You can purchase a dice for the general shop.
470	Use the Roll the Dice action for fun anywhere and at any time. You can purchase a dice for the general shop.
475	The Life Drain skill is one of the highest level Fomor skill, which allows you to drain HP from nearby enemies to make it your own. 
476	Spirit Bow Awakening
477	Spirit Sword Awakening
478	Spirit Wand Awakening
479	Spirit BW Awakening
484	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the Spirit Bow to actually assist in combat. The spirit, once is awakened, has the ability to attack multiple targets within a general vicinity. In order for spirits to make attacks however, they must first be awakened, but only spirits with a Social Level of at least 21 can do so. The energy required to awaken the spirit can only be collected a small amount at a time, through using the Spirit Weapon in combat. Only when enough energy has been gathered can this skill then be activated. As soon as the skill is activated, the energy begins to escape though, and since no further energy can be gathered, this skill should only be activated once an appropriate target has been spotted.
485	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the Spirit Sword to actually assist in combat. The spirit, once is awakened, has the ability to attack multiple targets within 120 degrees of the sword range. In order for spirits to make attacks however, they must first be awakened, but only spirits with a Social Level of at least 21 can do so. The energy required to awaken the spirit can only be collected a small amount at a time, through using the Spirit Weapon in combat. Only when enough energy has been gathered can this skill then be activated. As soon as the skill is activated, the energy begins to escape though, and since no further energy can be gathered, this skill should only be activated once an appropriate target has been spotted.
487	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the Spirit Blunt Weapon to actually assist in combat. The spirit, once is awakened, has the ability to attack multiple targets within 360 degrees of range. In order for spirits to make attacks however, they must first be awakened, but only spirits with a Social Level of at least 21 can do so. The energy required to awaken the spirit can only be collected a small amount at a time, through using the Spirit Weapon in combat. Only when enough energy has been gathered can this skill then be activated. As soon as the skill is activated, the energy begins to escape though, and since no further energy can be gathered, this skill should only be activated once an appropriate target has been spotted.
489	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the Spirit Wand to actually assist in combat. The spirit, once is awakened, has the ability to attack 6 targets within a general vicinity and inflict Splash Damage. In order for spirits to make attacks however, they must first be awakened, but only spirits with a Social Level of at least 21 can do so. The energy required to awaken the spirit can only be collected a small amount at a time, through using the Spirit Weapon in combat. Only when enough energy has been gathered can this skill then be activated. As soon as the skill is activated, the energy begins to escape though, and since no further energy can be gathered, this skill should only be activated once an appropriate target has been spotted.
497	Stomp
499	You cannot use this right now.
500	You cannot use this right now.
503	Throwing Attack
507	It's a skill in which you stomp the ground with force, temporarily immobilizing an enemy and causing damage.  The energy from the stomping foot travels through the ground, thus cannot be deflected by Defense.  However, if the opponent is already being attacked by someone else, they will not receive the damage. If they have tolerance to long range attacks, the duration of their immobilization and damage can be diminished.
508	Enables the use of throwing weapons. If you have a throwing tool and throwing weapon in your hands, you can use the Throwing attack. Unlike arrows, balance and injury rate do not affect chance for success. Throwing weapons do not require time to aim.
510	불의 공을 던져서 적을 공격하는 마법이라고 한다. 자세한 것은 모른다.
511	파이어볼트가 불의 탄환이라면 파이어볼은 불의 대포와 같다. 파이어 엘레멘탈을 가상의 한점을 중심으로 빠른속도로 회전시켜 불의 공을 만든다. 이 불의 공은 회전력에 의한 관성중력 때문에 무거운 대포알이 날아가는 것처럼 보인다.
512	Training Fireball
513	Wendigo Stomp
514	Exclusive Wendigo Skill
515	A stomping skill for Wendigo
516	Mirror Witch Rest
517	A magic in which you hide inside the mirror to recover your strength.
518	It's a magic in which you use the power of the unbreakable mirror to recover your strength by hiding.
519	icehug
521	
522	
523	
524	
525	Monster Resurrection
526	A skill that revives monsters
527	A skill that revives the closest monster of a designated race.
528	Ice Lightning
529	
530	
531	Ice Fire
532	
533	
534	Jam Session
537	Swallow
538	
543	If you are aware of this action, then you may hold a Music Jam Band. When a fellow party member uses this action, then the party members will have their instruments and scores all set up, ready to play. When the leader of the party uses this action, that's when the playing begins. This action is only available to those with Rank C or above  in Instrument Playing and Musical Knowledge.
544	If you are aware of this action, then you may hold a Music Jam Band. When a fellow party member uses this action, then the party members will have their instruments and scores all set up, ready to play. When the leader of the party uses this action, that's when the playing begins. This action is only available to those with Rank C or above  in Instrument Playing and Musical Knowledge.
545	A skill where you can swallow a low HP monsters and turn it into a statue.  If you have a gold, silver or copper plate, the statue will be of that matching color.  You can use the Swallow skill on a monster regardless of the skill it is using, however, it uses a lot of energy and takes long to charge so you should be aware of that.
546	A skill where you can swallow a low HP monsters and turn it into a statue.  If you have a gold, silver or copper plate, the statue will be of that matching color.  You can use the Swallow skill on a monster regardless of the skill it is using, however, it uses a lot of energy and takes long to charge so you should be aware of that.
548	Wrap around the enemy with yarn
549	Wrap around the enemy with yarn to cause damage.  Poke them with some needles while I'm at it.
551	Yarn Binding!
552	Fury of Connous
553	Armor of Connous
554	Mind of Connous
555	Sharpness of Con.
559	Elven Magic Missile
560	Daemon of Physis
561	Shield of Physis
562	Life of Physis
563	Spell of Physis
567	Giant Full Swing
568	You cannot use this right now.
569	You cannot use this right now.
570	You cannot use this right now.
571	You cannot use this right now.
572	You cannot use this right now.
573	You cannot use this right now.
574	You cannot use this right now.
575	You cannot use this right now.
576	You cannot use this right now.
577	You cannot use this right now.
578	You cannot use this right now.
579	You cannot use this right now.
580	You cannot use this right now.
581	You cannot use this right now.
582	You cannot use this right now.
583	You cannot use this right now.
600	Natural Shield
601	Heavy Stander
602	Mana Deflector
603	Natural Shield
604	Heavy Stander
605	Mana Deflector
606	A skill that transforms an Elf into beast mode using the power of Irinid.  Various stats will increase significantly, but the beast mode cannot be maintained for a long period of time.  You can only use it once a day, Erinn time.
607	A skill that strengthens the body using the power of Irinid that's been contained in the mysterious mark.  It will make you into a Elf warrior with exceptional defense, protection and will.
608	A skill that trains the mind using the power of Irinid embedded deep inside the heart, making you into an Elf warrior with powerful mana and superior intelligence.
609	A skill that strengthens the craftiness using the power of Irinid soaked inside the mind.  It will make you into a Elf warrior with sharp dexterity, having a deadly Critical-hit and high balance.
610	The true power of Elves, the descendants of Irinid, comes from the nature of Connous.  The Natural Shield, especially, is a skill that allows you defense against long-range attacks, which you can use once you are in beast mode.  The moment you activate the skill, it will protect you from long-range arrows.  Once the skill is activated, it will continuously protect you without your having to perform any special concentration.  But this doesn't mean that you will be completely harm-free from arrow attacks.  The skill reduces the damage caused by arrows, which in turn also reduces your chances of falling or getting knocked out.
611	The true power of Elves, the descendants of Irinid, comes from the nature of Connous.  The Heavy Stand, especially, is a skill that allows you defense against melee attacks, which you can use once you are in beast mode.  The moment you activate the skill, it will effectively protect you from a melee attack from an enemy.  However, concentration is necessary in order to maintain its effect, so the skill activates randomly.  When you are hit by an enemy attack and the skill is activated properly, it will bounce off the damage from the enemy's attack and create a blind spot of the enemy right after.
612	The true power of Elves, the descendants of Irinid, comes from the nature of Connous.  The Mana Deflector, especially, is a skill that allows you defense against magic attacks, which you can use once you are in beast mode.  The moment you activate the skill, it will effectively protect you from low level magic attacks from an enemy.  Once the skill is activated, it will continuously protect you from low level magic attacks without having to perform any special concentration.
614	A skill that transforms a Giant into beast mode using the power of the ancient Giants.  Various stats will increase significantly, but the beast mode cannot be maintained for a long period of time.  You can only use it once a day, Erinn time.
615	A skill that strengthens the body using the power of the ancient Giants that's been contained in the mysterious marks, making you into a Giant warrior with exceptional defense, protection and will.
616	A skill that trains the mind using the power of the ancient Giants that's been stored in the HP, making you into a Giant warrior with an overflow of stamina and strength, as well as an unwavering will.
617	A skill that purifies the spirit using the power of the ancient Giants that influences magic, making you into a Giant warrior with abundant mana and intellect, as well as a powerful critical-hit.
618	The true power of Giants, the descendants of the ancient Giants, comes from the nature of Physis.  The Natural Shield, especially, is a skill that allows you defend against long-range attacks, which you can use once you are in beast mode.  The moment you activate the skill, it will protect you from long-range arrows.  Once the skill is activated.  Once the skill is activated, it will continuously protect you without you having to perform any special concentration.  But this doesn't mean that you will be completely harm-free from arrow attacks.  The skill reduces the damage caused by arrows, which in turn also reduces your chances of falling or getting knocked out.
619	The true power of Giants, the descendants of the ancient Giants, comes from the nature of Physis.  The Heavy Stand, especially, is a skill that allows you defend against melee attacks, which you can use once you are in beast mode.  The moment you activate the skill, it will effectively protect you from a melee attack from an enemy.  However, concentration is necessary in order to maintain its effect, so the skill activates randomly.  When you are hit by an enemy attack and the skill is activated properly, it will bounce off the damage from the enemy's attack and create a blind spot of the enemy right after.
620	The true power of Giants, the descendants of the ancient Giants, comes from the nature of Physis.  The Mana Deflector, especially, is a skill that allows you defend against magic attacks, which you can use once you are in beast mode.  The moment you activate the skill, it will effectively protect you from low level magic attacks from an enemy.  Once the skill is activated, it will continuously protect you from low level magic attacks without having to perform any special concentration.
621	The Ultimate Melee Attack skill is only for Giant warriors who are the descendants of the ancient Giants.  It gathers energy in one place then releases it all at once, knocking down any enemy in the vicinity.
622	The Ultimate Long-range Attack skill is only for Elf Warriors who are the descendants of Irinid.  It can be used during beast mode, where you can load one of the three magic, fire, ice, or electric onto your arrow or wand.
626	
627	
628	
629	
632	Ice Shield
633	Fire Shield
634	Lightning Shield
635	Natural Shield
648	Jump
649	Jump
650	Jump
651	Taming Wild Animals
654	Control Paddle
655	This skill is required to control the raft paddles.
656	This skill is required to control the raft paddles.
657	You cannot use this right now.
658	You cannot use this right now.
659	You cannot use this right now.
660	You cannot use this right now.
665	This skill enables you to tame wild animals.
666	Blocks offensive Ice magic spells such as Ice Bolt and Ice Spear. Casting this skill shields you and others with a magic sphere which blocks the magic spells while allowing attacks from the inside. Your Defense increases in proportion to the number of these shields overlapping each other.
667	Blocks offensive Fire magic spells such as Fire Bolt and Fireball. Casting this skill shields you and others with a magic sphere which blocks the magic spells while allowing attacks from the inside. Your Defense increases in proportion to the number of these shields overlapping each other.
668	Blocks offensive Lightning magic spells such as Lightning Bolt and Thunder. Casting this skill shields you and others with a magic sphere which blocks the magic spells while allowing attacks from the inside. Your Defense increases in proportion to the number of these shields overlapping each other.
669	Blocks physical ranged attack skills such as Magnum Shot. Casting this skill shields you and others with a magic sphere which blocks the attack skills while allowing attacks from the inside. Your Defense increases in proportion to the number of these shields overlapping each other.
670	Super Ice Bolt (GM Skill)
671	
672	
673	Alligator Full Swing
677	
678	
685	Charge
688	
690	This skill enables you to fiercely Charge at an enemy while protecting your vital points. You will receive less damage from long-ranged bow and crossbow attacks, and will not be knocked down. This skill cannot block magic damage from long-ranged attacks. Upon approaching a target, this skill forcefully hits and pushes back the target, causing it to temporarily lose consciousness.
691	Roar
692	
693	
694	Metallurgy
697	Bite
698	
699	
702	Smack
703	
704	
707	This skill enables you to collect [Ore Fragments] near rivers and from beaches in Iria. Equip a [Metallurgy Sieve], which can be purchased from any general shop, in your right hand. Various ore fragments are available including Iron, Copper, Silver, Gold, and Mythril, and these can be refined into ingots at any Furnace in town. This skill has a rare chance of discovering [Gems], whose types vary depending on weather, the time of day, and location. Since gems are repositories of ancient knowledge, they can yield a variety of knowledge points when given to Spirit Weapons. When given to villagers, they elicit various reactions; and you may even be rewarded with gifts.
708	This skill enables you to collect [Ore Fragments] near rivers and from beaches in Iria. Equip a [Metallurgy Sieve], which can be purchased from any general shop, in your right hand. Various ore fragments are available including Iron, Copper, Silver, Gold, and Mythril, and these can be refined into ingots at any Furnace in town. This skill has a rare chance of discovering [Gems], whose types vary depending on weather, the time of day, and location. Since gems are repositories of ancient knowledge, they can yield a variety of knowledge points when given to Spirit Weapons. When given to villagers, they elicit various reactions; and you may even be rewarded with gifts.
718	This skill enables you to fold and throw a Paper Airplane; let's send your feelings to your beloved on a Paper Airplane. If you throw a Paper Airplane at an enemy, you might get its attention.
719	This skill enables you to fold and throw a Paper Airplane; let's send your feelings to your beloved on a Paper Airplane. If you throw a Paper Airplane at an enemy, you might get its attention.
720	Throw Paper\nAirplane
721	초콜릿 과자 만들기
722	몬스터를 본따 초콜릿 과자를 만드는 스킬이다.
723	몬스터를 본따 초콜릿 과자를 만드는 스킬이다.
724	몬스터를 본따 초컬릿 과자를 만드는 스킬이다.
725	
726	
727	몬스터를 본따 초컬릿 과자를 만드는 스킬이다.
728	
730	
731	
733	
734	
735	Red Dragon Fire Breath
736	Eat Volcanic Bomb
737	
738	
739	Thunder Rain
740	Dragon Roar
741	Wyvern Fire Breath
742	
743	
744	
745	
746	Hot-Air Balloon Crossbow Shot
747	
748	
749	Hot-Air Balloon Control
750	Control the Hot-Air Balloon
751	
752	Wyvern Lightning
753	Wyvern Ice Breath
754	
755	
756	
758	Dragon Meteor
759	Fossil Restoration
760	Activate when unrestored fossil is used
761	
763	
764	
766	소지하고 있는 물풍선을 던진다.
767	
769	널뛰기
770	널뛰기 키트
775	Bubble Blast
780	A skill that allows you to capture a monster or another player inside a bubble and float them in the air. The captured monster will float in the air inside the bubble for a fixed time, then when the bubble bursts, the monster will come back down. You can employ the skill playfully on other players or party members, but you should be careful since the skill consumes a lot of mana.
781	A skill that allows you to capture a monster or another player inside a bubble and float them in the air. The captured monster will float in the air inside the bubble for a fixed time, then when the bubble bursts, the monster will come back down. You can employ the skill playfully on other players or party members, but you should be careful since the skill consumes a lot of mana.
782	Mana Shield
783	
785	It creates a powerful protective field using the power of mana in order to defend against enemy attacks. It is effective against both physical attacks and magic attacks. The more understanding you have in using mana, the less mana you will use to defend.
786	While the ore you unearth is nice and hard, you can't do anything with it if it contains metal, dirt, and sand mixed in it. Not only does it make it difficult to build metal products of adequate quality, it is also difficult to produce even any results. Therefore, in order to use metal, a process in which pure metal is gained from ore is essential. This is where the Refine skill comes in. Through this skill, you can gain pure metal ingots or bars from ore. Do note that you can use this skill only when there is a Furnace to melt the ore in.
787	벚꽃놀이키트
788	
789	
793	Charge
796	A skill that allows one to run incredibly fast, causing the wind to blow in the process. This skill cannot be sustained for a long period of time, but it can also be used while a user is mounted on top.
797	A skill that allows one to run incredibly fast, causing the wind to blow in the process. This skill cannot be sustained for a long period of time, but it can also be used while a user is mounted on top.
798	Barrier Spikes
799	
800	
801	Wind Guard
802	Dragon Support
803	
804	
805	
806	A skill that is activated upon using the Dragon's Flute.
807	Taunt
808	Dragon Support Meteor
809	
810	
811	
812	
813	Ice Mine
818	Final Shot
819	
823	A skill that surrounds you with a gust of wind that defends against an enemy's attack. While you won't get knocked down, you are also immobile while the skill is being activated. The Wind Guard can be used with the Taunt skill, which makes it a perfect combo for luring monsters to yourself while being securely protected. It is highly effective against melee and range attack, but it isn't as quite effective against magic attacks.
826	A skill that draws the attention of nearby monsters to yourself. Once an enemy is drawn in, it will solely attack you for a fixed amount of time, so it is a great skill that can be used to help party members who are in danger.  Since it can be used with the Wind Guard skill, it is advantageous to learn them together.
827	Scan
828	
829	
831	
832	
836	Mana Crystallization Counter-Transmutation
838	
839	
840	
841	
842	The Final Shot is a powerful range attack that sharpens your body's senses and fires arrows at an extremely high velocity.  It also accelerates the charge speed of the range skill and allows you to take an opponent's arrow attack without experiencing delay or getting knocked down. By clicking on a nearby location while holding the Shift button, you can also teleport to that location, dodging an enemy that is about to attack. However, teleporting reduces the skill duration time, so it should be used accordingly.
843	Fragmentation
844	
845	
846	Life Drain
847	Drains a given amount of the opponent's HP.
848	Life Drain, considered one of the most advanced Fomor skills, drains the HP of an opponent located within the given range.
849	Shadow Breath
850	
851	
852	Synthesis 
853	
854	
855	Dark Flame
858	Light of Sword
861	Claimh Solas Dash
864	Alchemy Mastery
867	Call Golem
868	Water Cannon
871	Mana Crystallization
872	It is said to store the power of magic in the crystal. No other details are known.
873	It is said to extract the ingredient by fragmentizing a material. No other details are known.
874	It is said to combine multiple items to produce a new item. No other details are known.
875	It is said to be the knowledge pertaining to the first half of Alchemy. No other details are known.
876	It is said to be a skill that shoots water from the Cylinder. No other details are known.
877	A skill that stores the powers of magic such as Fireball, Thunder, or Ice Spear, in a crystal. This type of crystal can be used even by those who do not have the related skill, as long as they are equipped with a Cylinder. With higher rank, a better quality crystal can be produced and a shorter amount of time is spent casting when using the Mana Crystal. Although you can use your own magic to perform Mana Crystallization, it’s not recommended because of the difficulty in handling both Alchemy and your own magic simultaneously. (It would ultimately be subpar to using someone else’s magic.)
878	A skill that extracts the ingredient by separating a material into its basic elements. If successful, you can extract an ingredient required to make an item. If you look into making skills such as Weaving, Refining, and Handicraft, you can acquire a hint regarding the item you get when you fragmentize.
879	A skill that synthesizes multiple items to create a new item. The quality of items before you synthesize will determine the quality of items after. Although it's hard to predict item results, you can find synthesis recipes in books on Alchemy, which can teach you how to make exceptional items.
880	An indication of how much knowledge you have gained about Alchemy. Mastery of Alchemy will increase after becoming familiar with all the various known types of Alchemy, not just one type. The material and structural changes aren't easy to follow, but investing the effort to acquire the proper knowledge will result in optimum results in most skills that pertain to Alchemy.
881	A skill that allows you to blast a powerful stream of water using the Water Cannon Crystals in the Cylinder. Spinning at high speeds, the water deals significant damage and knocks down nearby opponents. (Opponents at a distance will only incur minor damage and will not be knocked down.) You can insert up to 5 crystals at a time, which could be shot all at once if the situation demands.
882	Crystallization
885	Summon Golem
886	With the use of Alchemy, Barrier Spikes are created to block opponent attacks. When you advance your rank, you can deal damage or attack opponents that are beyond the Barrier Spikes. Barrier Spikes are recommended when you are battling multiple opponents or have a friend that needs protection.
888	An innovative Alchemy skill that can create Golems by structurally changing the inside of a stone. This ancient skill developed by Fomor Alchemists was previously inimitable by terrestrial races until recent times. This process is many times more intricate than controlling a Golem.
893	A skill that allows you to blast a powerful stream of water by inserting Water Crystals in the Cylinder. Spinning at high speeds, the water deals significant damage and knocks down nearby opponents. (Opponents at a distance will only incur minor damage and will not be knocked down.) You can insert up to 5 crystals at a time, which could be shot all at once if the situation demands.
894	A skill that uses a steam oven to crystalize the power of magic such as Fireball, Thunder, or Ice Spear. These crystals can be used by anyone who is equipped with a Cylinder. At higher ranks, better-quality crystals can be produced and a shorter amount of time is spent casting when using the Mana Crystal. Although you can use your own magic to perform Mana Crystallization, it's not recommended because of the difficulty of handling both Alchemy and your own magic simultaneously. (Using someone else's magic will produce superior results.)
895	A skill that extracts the ingredient after fragmentizing a material in a dry oven. If you look into making skills such as Weaving, Refining, and Handicraft, you can acquire a hint regarding the item you get when you fragmentize.
896	A skill that produces a new item by synthesizing multiple items in a dry oven. The quality of items before you synthesize will determine the quality of items after. Although it's hard to predict item results, you can find synthesis recipes in books on Alchemy, which can teach you how to make exceptional items (e.g. Ice Mine). 
897	A skill that uses a steam oven to crystalize the power of magic such as Fireball, Thunder, or Ice Spear. These crystals can be used by anyone who is equipped with a Cylinder. At higher ranks, better-quality crystals can be produced and a shorter amount of time is spent casting when using the Mana Crystal. Although you can use your own magic to perform Mana Crystallization, it's not recommended because of the difficulty of handling both Alchemy and your own magic simultaneously. (Using someone else's magic will produce superior results.)
898	A skill that extracts the ingredient after fragmentizing a material in a dry oven. If you look into making skills such as Weaving, Refining, and Handicraft, you can acquire a hint regarding the item you get when you fragmentize.
899	A skill that produces a new item by synthesizing multiple items in a dry oven. The quality of items before you synthesize will determine the quality of items after. Although it's hard to predict item results, you can find synthesis recipes in books on Alchemy, which can teach you how to make exceptional items (e.g. Ice Mine). 
900	An indication of how much knowledge you have gained about Alchemy. Mastery of Alchemy will increase after becoming familiar with all the various known types of Alchemy, not just one type. The material and structural changes aren't easy to follow, but investing the effort to acquire the proper knowledge will result in optimum results in most skills that pertain to Alchemy.
901	A skill that allows you to blast a powerful stream of water by inserting Water Crystals in the Cylinder. Spinning at high speeds, the water deals significant damage and knocks down nearby opponents. (Opponents at a distance will only incur minor damage and will not be knocked down.) You can insert up to 5 crystals at a time, which could be shot all at once if the situation demands.
902	Specialized for recovery during battle, this can quickly recover your HP while dealing lethal damage to your opponent. Your knowledge in Alchemy will rapidly advance once you fully utilize this skill.
903	
904	If you strike the ground with force, an earthquake effect will be generated.
905	If you strike the ground with force, an earthquake effect will be generated.
907	
908	
909	방직 (사용안함)
910	인챈트 (사용안함)
911	윈드밀 (사용안함)
912	Spin
913	
916	Wind Blast
917	Use support items
918	
919	
921	Claimh Solas Full Swing
922	
923	
924	A skill that shoots out a blast of wind by inserting Wind Crystals in the Cylinder. It does not deal significant damage but is strong enough to knock a nearby opponent far away. The closer the opponent is, the greater the impact on opponent. You may be restricted from use temporarily if you use it excessively.
925	Bewilder
926	
927	
928	Playing Dead
929	A simulated act that allows people to feign unconsciousness. Use this skill when knocked to the ground to evade further attack. You will lie still for a prolonged period, eventually fooling the monster into leaving the area. (Please note that this may not work against Humans.)
930	A simulated act that allows people to feign unconsciousness. Use this skill when knocked to the ground to evade further attack. You will lie still for a prolonged period, eventually fooling the monster into leaving the area. (Please note that this may not work against Humans.)
931	허수아비의 저주
932	허수아비의 저주를 정해진 유저의 주변에 뿌린다.
933	허수아비의 저주를 정해진 유저의 주변에 뿌린다. 맞지 않도록 조심하자.
934	Water Spray
937	A skill of an elephant that entails collecting and spraying water. It projects a powerful water blast on monsters, while lightly sprinkling water on characters. The sprinkled character will have higher resistance against fire and receive bonus stats. Try spraying water on other players you meet.
938	A skill of an elephant that entails collecting and spraying water. It projects a powerful water blast on monsters, while lightly sprinkling water on characters. The sprinkled character will have higher resistance against fire and receive bonus stats. Try spraying water on other players you meet.
942	Rise and Dive
943	Roar
944	Tail Whip
945	Water Bomb
946	
947	
948	
949	
950	
951	
952	
953	
960	Emits a wall of flames after loading Fire Crystals into a Cylinder. The flame burst lasts for a short time, but long enough to cause multiple hits to any enemy near the flame wall. Up to five Fire Crystals can be fired at once to intensify the flame.
961	
962	
964	Flame Burst
965	Sand Burst
969	A skill that blows sand onto an opponent from Earth Crystals loaded into a cylinder. This attack frequently blinds the opponent, briefly preventing an adequate counter. Even the most powerful enemies can be blinded if you have an advanced rank. Prepare for battle by loading and firing up to five crystals at a time. Use may be temporarily restricted if the cylinder overheats due to excessive use.
970	Ticking Quiz Bomb
971	Observes anyone that may be subject to botting.
972	
974	
977	아이템 봉인
978	아이템 봉인 해제
979	
980	
981	
982	
983	Use a Dungeon Pass
984	
985	
986	Rain Casting
995	Use an Elatha Item
996	Uses an Elatha Item.
997	Uses an Elatha Item.
999	
1000	
1002	
1003	
1004	Exclusive Street Artist skill
1005	An exclusive Street Artist skill. Cannot be used by a normal user.
1010	Spear of Light
1011	Awakening of Light
1013	A skill that can only be used after the Awakening of Light. Creates a Spear of Light that can be thrown at enemies. The spear deals damage to all enemies in its path until it reaches the target and creates an explosion that deals more damage to enemies nearby. Note, however, that using the skill will decrease your EXP.
1015	Frozen Blast
1016	Can be used by putting a Blizzard Crystal in a Cylinder. Creates a snow storm that freezes enemies in front of you. An enemy who has become frozen will not be able to move for a fixed period of time and will receive greater damage when hit with a physical attack. 
1017	Can be used by putting a Blizzard Crystal in a Cylinder. Creates a snow storm that freezes enemies in front of you. An enemy who has become frozen will not be able to move for a fixed period of time and will receive greater damage when hit with a physical attack. 
1018	Fury of Light
1019	Uses a Water Crystal to create a large amount of vapor in a short amount of time. Uses the Wind Crystal to prevent the flow of wind so that the vapor does not dissipate. Uses the Dirt Crystal and Flower Pollen as the condensation nucleus for forming a cloud. Creates a cloud using an intricate combination of those processes.  
1020	A skill that can only be used after the Awakening of Light. When you use the skill, your body will start to glow before a ray of light shoots out and hits the closest enemy. It's greatest advantage is that you can move or use another skill while the light is flying towards the enemy. Caution must be taken, however, as using the skill will decrease your EXP. 
1021	A skill that allows you to have the power of the gods for a short period of time. It will increase your movement speed, recover your HP, MP, and Stamina, and prevent you from being stunned. You will also be able to see the minimap inside a dungeon, explore artifacts, and experience the effects of having eaten an Arat Berry. Caution must be taken, however, since the state does not last long and using the skill will decrease your EXP.
1022	Awakening of Light
1023	Spear of Light
1024	Fury of Light
1025	
1026	
1027	
1028	A skill that allows you to have the power of the gods for a short period of time. It will increase your movement speed, recover your HP, MP, and Stamina, and prevent you from being stunned. You will also be able to see the minimap inside a dungeon, explore artifacts, and experience the effects of having eaten an Arat Berry. Caution must be taken, however, since the state does not last long and using the skill will decrease your EXP.
1029	A skill that can only be used after the Awakening of Light. Creates a spear of light that can be thrown at enemies. The spear will give damage to all enemies in its path until it reaches the target and creates an explosion that deals more damage to enemies nearby. Caution must be taken, however, as using the skill will decrease your EXP.
1030	A skill that can only be used after the Awakening of Light. When you use the skill, your body will start to glow before a ray of light shoots out and hits the closest enemy. Its greatest advantage is that you can move or use another skill while the light is flying towards the enemy. Caution must be taken, however, as using the skill will decrease your EXP. 
1031	Watering
1032	Fertilizing
1034	
1035	
1036	
1037	
1038	
1039	
1041	
1042	
1048	Throw Confetti
1049	
1050	
1052	
1054	Metal Conversion
1058	Bug Catching
1060	Use Party Popper
1062	All materials contain the four basic elements of Alchemy: Water, Fire, Wind, and Earth. Substances rust, crumble, or fade over time because the composition of their elements change. With an intentional change of a material's composition, it is possible to create entirely new substances. Alchemists, through a long study of the effects of time on materials, are able to change the attributes of metals. With this skill, you will be able to transform common metals into rare and valuable ones. And, with luck, you might be able to create precious gems, such as diamonds, or new metals that are entirely new to Erinn. This skill can only be used at a Dry Oven.
1063	Blaze
1064	Focuses the power of magic in a wand before launching it on an enemy. Since the condensed magic is launched by physical force, the user of this skill must be physically strong. This skill can cause incredible damage on enemies who have lost their balance due to being hit or stunned. Accordingly, it's most effective against enemies who are about to fall or have already fallen. Press down on a mouse button or hotkey to focus the magic and release the button to explode it. 
1065	Focuses the power of magic in a wand before launching it on an enemy. Since the condensed magic is launched by physical force, the user of this skill must be physically strong. This skill can cause incredible damage on enemies who have lost their balance due to being hit or stunned. Accordingly, it's most effective against enemies who are about to fall or have already fallen. Press down on a mouse button or hotkey to focus the magic and release the button to explode it. 
1066	Feed Fish
1067	Throws a fish to a nearby Seal.
1068	Throws a fish to a nearby Seal.
1069	해머 게임
1070	
1071	
1072	Water Balloon\nThrowing
1073	
1074	
1075	Beholder Beam Attack
1076	Shoot a Beholder Beam from your eyes
1077	Shoot a Beholder Beam from your eyes
1079	
1080	
1082	Paper Airplane Bomb
1085	Giant Lion Roar
1086	Neid Roar
1087	A skill that allows Griffins to roar at the monsters in front of them, temporarily shocking them. This skill cannot be used consecutively or shock powerful monsters, so use it carefully.
1088	A skill that allows Griffins to roar at the monsters in front of them, temporarily shocking them. This skill cannot be used consecutively or shock powerful monsters, so use it carefully.
1089	Beholder Alarm
1090	Sets off the Boholder Alarm and summons monsters.
1091	
1092	Spirit Shift
1094	
1095	Roar
1097	
1098	소지하고 있는 물풍선을 던진다.
1099	Wall Decoration Fire Bolt
1100	Wall Decoration Ice Bolt
1101	Wall Decoration Lightning Bolt
1102	
1103	
1104	
1105	
1106	Wall Decoration Bolt Attack
1107	Wall Decoration Poison Gas Attack
1108	
1109	
1110	
1111	
1112	Axe Throwing
1113	Dullahan's axe throwing attack.
1114	
1115	Chandelier Attack
1116	Chandelier's light bulb attack.
1117	
1118	Evasion
1119	
1120	
1121	Shadow Spirit
1122	
1123	
1124	Python Stone Long Range Attack
1125	The Python Stone's long range attack.
1126	
1127	Python Stone Short Range Attack
1131	Lower your body and move quickly to evade arrows or bolt attacks coming from afar. It works best if you evade at the exact moment the enemy makes the attack. Using this skill consecutively will cause you to lose your balance. You will be able to use Evasion again once you've regained your composure.
1133	
1134	
1135	Python Stone Breath
1136	
1139	Lower your body and move quickly to evade arrows or bolt attacks coming from afar. It works best if you evade at the exact moment the enemy makes the attack. Using this skill consecutively will cause you to lose your balance. You will be able to use Evasion again once you've regained your composure.
1140	Shadow Death
1144	Shock
1145	A skill that causes powerful electricty to emanate from your body for a fixed time. When active, a glowing shield will form around your body. You will be able to move and use other skills. Nearby enemies may become stunned or electrocuted.
1146	Shifts the spirit so that you gain control of a Fomor that is possessed by a ghost.
1151	Shadow Spirit
1152	A skill that can only be used after the Awakening of Light. Attacks enemies using spirits absorbed from downed enemies. Spirits will continue to attack until the enemy is knocked down or until your strength is fully consumed. You can also direct the spirits to attack all enemies nearby. In this case, the strength of each spirit decreases. Caution must be taken as using the skill will decrease your EXP.
1153	A skill that can only be used after the Awakening of Light. Attacks enemies using spirits absorbed from downed enemies. Spirits will continue to attack until the enemy is knocked down or until your strength is fully consumed. You can also direct the spirits to attack all enemies nearby. In this case, the strength of each spirit decreases. Caution must be taken as using the skill will decrease your EXP.
1155	
1156	
1157	B+ Bomb
1158	Carpentry
1159	
1161	Master Teleport
1162	Rescue the master during an emergency! Once a day (Erinn time), you can bring the master to your location by consuming all of your Mana and Stamina.
1163	Rescue the master during an emergency! Once a day (Erinn time), you can bring the master to your location by consuming all of your Mana and Stamina.
1164	This skill enables you to tame wild animals. Use it on an animal after equipping a Taming Cane in your right hand and Taming Bait in your left hand. Remember, though, you may not be able to progress through the dungeon if you tame a dungeon monster.
1165	A skill that allows you to make Fine Firewood and Bows. Chopping firewood may be hard work, but once you start making quality goods, people will start asking for favors. To use the Carpentry skill, you must use the Carpentry Workbench at the Logging Camp.
1166	Party Healing
1167	A spell that simultaneously recovers the HP of your fellow party members.
1168	Healing is a magical spell that enables one to gather HP for those in need. Party Healing works the same way, except that it not only helps just one other person but all the members of the party to which the person belongs. In theory, Party Healing is very similar to Healing, as both skills can be upgraded to the point of mastery where the spell may provide increased defense from outside attacks, or increased magic attack power as more party members are healed. The one caveat is that the spell only recovers HP and does not help for healing injuries.
1169	라이프 드레인 (몬스터용)
1170	Name Color Change
1171	Changes the color of your character name.
1172	
1173	합성
1174	
1175	
1176	일정 시간 동안 몸에서 강력한 전기를 발산하는 스킬. 효과를 받게 되면 몸 주변에 빛나는 얇은 막이 생겨 스스로를 보호한다. 이 때에, 다른 스킬을 사용하거나 이동할 수 있고, 주변의 몬스터를 경직 시키고 전기 대미지를 입힌다. 플레이어 캐릭터에게는 피해를 줄 수 없다.
1177	일정 시간 동안 몸에서 강력한 전기를 발산하는 스킬. 효과를 받게 되면 몸 주변에 빛나는 얇은 막이 생겨 스스로를 보호한다. 이 때에, 다른 스킬을 사용하거나 이동할 수 있고, 주변의 몬스터를 경직 시키고 전기 대미지를 입힌다.
1178	A skill that causes powerful electricty to emanate from your body for a fixed time. When active, a glowing shield will form around your body. You will be able to move and use other skills. Nearby enemies may become stunned or electrocuted.
1179	Rescue the master during an emergency! Once a day (Erinn time), you can bring the master to your location by consuming all of your Mana and Stamina.
1180	Rescue the master during an emergency! Once a day (Erinn time), you can bring the master to your location by consuming all of your Mana and Stamina.
1181	Detection
1182	
1183	
1185	
1189	A skill that lights up a pumpkin for a short while, allowing you a few moments to either track Fomors in the Shadow Realm or find hidden Fomor traps and trails. You can move and use other skills while Detection is active.
1190	A skill that lights up a pumpkin for a short while, allowing you a few moments to either track Fomors in the Shadow Realm or find hidden Fomor traps and trails. You can move and use other skills while Detection is active.
1192	Uses pressure built up in a Cylinder to explode a Fire Crystal. Because high pressure is required, this skill can only be used after  pressure has been accumulated with other Alchemy skills.
1195	
1196	
1201	
1202	
1203	Gardening
1204	Take care of a garden.
1206	Holy Flame
1214	Cylinder On/Off
1215	Installs or removes an equipped Tower Cylinder.
1216	Installs or removes an equipped Tower Cylinder.
1218	
1219	
1220	Heat Buster
1222	
1223	
1224	Floating Stone Fire Ball
1225	Floating Stone Ice Spear
1226	Floating Stone Thunder
1227	
1228	
1229	
1231	Wings of Eclipse
1232	Wings of Rage
1254	A skill that can be used when Awakening of Light is active. Summons crows to protect you from attacks. While under their protection, you cannot be knocked down. However, your EXP decreases each time an attack is blocked. Taking powerful damage may cancel the skill.
1255	A skill that can be used when Awakening of Light is active. Summons small crows to charge an opponent, then explode. Any other opponents touched by the crow are then surrounded and attacked by other crows. Each time you use this skill, your EXP decreases.
1256	Nuadha Smash
1257	Nuadha Spear of Light
1258	Nuadha Fury of Light
1259	Nuadha Light of Sword
1261	Nuadha Smash
1262	
1263	
1264	
1265	
1266	
1267	
1268	
1269	
1270	
1271	
1274	Use Morrighan's Feather
1275	Uses Morrighan's Feather
1276	Uses Morrighan's Feather
1277	Create Falias Portal
1278	Creates a Warp Gate that leads to Falias.
1279	Creates a Warp Gate that leads to Falias.
1280	Silent Move
1281	A skill that quickly transports you to a location nearby. Useful for dodging opponent attacks like Spear of Light.
1282	A skill that quickly transports you to a location nearby. Useful for dodging opponent attacks like Spear of Light.
1283	Roar
1284	A skill that allows Tigers to roar at the monsters in front of them, temporarily shocking them. This skill cannot be used consecutively or shock powerful monsters, so use it carefully.
1285	A skill that allows Tigers to roar at the monsters in front of them, temporarily shocking them. This skill cannot be used consecutively or shock powerful monsters, so use it carefully.
1286	Accelerator
1287	
1288	
1289	Summon
1290	Invitation of Death
1291	Flames of Hell
1292	
1293	
1294	
1295	
1298	A skill that allows you to place crystals more quickly into a Cylinder, so that the charge count may be increased. It's a difficult skill that requires agile hand movements, so the increased charge count may be different each time.
1299	A skill that allows you to place crystals more quickly into a Cylinder, so that the charge count may be increased. It's a difficult skill that requires agile hand movements, so the increased charge count may be different each time.
1300	A skill that lets you increase charge count by quickly equipping crystals in the cylinder when preparing Flame Burst, Water Cannon, and Sand Burst.
1301	A skill that lets you increase charge count by quickly equipping crystals in the cylinder when preparing Flame Burst, Water Cannon, and Sand Burst.
1302	Chain Cylinder
1303	채팅 색상 변경
1304	채팅 색상을 바꿔준다.
1305	
1317	A skill that fires an arrowhead, which senses enemies using the same principle as an Ice Mine. If the arrowhead detects nearby enemies when it pierces your target, it will detonate, splintering its fragments to hit other enemies. Remember to aim at enemies at the center of a crowd. If there are no other enemies around, the arrowhead will not detonate.
1318	A skill that fires an arrowhead, which senses enemies using the same principle as an Ice Mine. If the arrowhead detects nearby enemies when it pierces your target, it will detonate, splintering its fragments to hit other enemies. Remember to aim at enemies at the center of a crowd. If there are no other enemies around, the arrowhead will not detonate.
1319	Crash Shot
1320	Assault Slash
1321	Berserker
1322	Fire Lightning
1323	Grim Reaper Vertical Attack
1324	Grim Reaper Horizontal Attack
1325	Grim Reaper Windmill
1326	Sword Mastery
1327	Axe Mastery
1328	Blunt Mastery
1335	Fusion Bolt
1338	Enthralling Performance
1339	A true fighter must never be caught off guard or show mercy. When an enemy falls, that is the moment to strike! Jump high into the air, and crash down, slashing with your sword. Your mighty strike will leave your enemy begging for mercy.
1340	When it comes to melee combat, swords are the weapons of choice. Sword Mastery enhances your skill with swords. While this ability doesn't grant any specific skills, it will grant you greater proficiency when you fight enemies using your trusty sword.
1341	Powerful and heavy, combat axes are a handful, to say the least. Axe Mastery allows you to maximize the power of your axe to deal greater damage with it. 
1347	Installing a Kiosk is a sure way for a merchant to sell goods and make massive profits. Since a Kiosk can be left unattended, this frees you to travel the world chasing after rare items. Items in your Kiosk will be automatically registered to the message board, meaning even more sales for you.
1348	The despair you feel after being defeated in battle can be channeled into rage, and rage can be a source of immeasurable power. The Berserker skills allows you to control that rage and use it to your advantage. Now defeat is no longer a failure, but a trigger to unlocking your true potential.
1349	Installing a Kiosk is a sure way for a merchant to sell goods and make massive profits. Since a Kiosk can be left unattended, this frees you to travel the world chasing after rare items. Items in your Kiosk will be automatically registered to the message board, meaning even more sales for you.
1356	Fire Mastery
1357	Ice Mastery
1358	Lightning Mastery
1359	Bolt Mastery
1371	When people think of magic, they think of the ability to manipulate weather. This basic skill allows you to create a snow storm, gather ice from that storm, and then unleash that ice upon your enemies. You need to wield a staff to use the skill, but it will allow you to ceaselessly attack nearby enemies.
1372	When people think of magic, they think of the ability to manipulate weather. This basic skill allows you to create a snow storm, gather ice from that storm, and then unleash that ice upon your enemies. You need to wield a staff to use the skill, but it will allow you to ceaselessly attack nearby enemies.
1373	A true fighter must never be caught off guard or show mercy. When an enemy falls, that is the moment to strike! Jump high into the air, and crash down, slashing with your sword. Your mighty strike will leave your enemy begging for mercy.
1374	A true fighter must never be caught off guard or show mercy. When an enemy falls, that is the moment to strike! Jump high into the air, and crash down, slashing with your sword. Your mighty strike will leave your enemy begging for mercy.
1376	Fire Alchemy
1377	Water Alchemy
1378	Earth Alchemy Mastery
1379	Wind Alchemy
1381	Transmutation
1382	This skill increases your knowledge of Fire Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Fire Magic.
1383	This skill increases your knowledge of Ice Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Ice Magic.
1384	This skill increases your knowledge of Lightning Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Lightning Magic.
1385	This skill increases your knowledge of Bolt Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Bolt Magic.
1391	This skill increases your knowledge of Fire Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Fire Magic.
1392	This skill increases your knowledge of Ice Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Ice Magic.
1393	This skill increases your knowledge of Lightning Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Lightning Magic.
1394	This skill increases your knowledge of Bolt Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Bolt Magic.
1402	This skill increases your knowledge of the structure and formation of substances, which increases your success rate for Fragmentation, Synthesis, and Crystal Production. This skill also enhances the quality of your Mana Crystals.
1403	This skill increases your knowledge of the structure and formation of substances, which increases your success rate for Fragmentation, Synthesis, and Crystal Production. This skill also enhances the quality of your Mana Crystals.
1406	This skill increases your Fire Alchemy efficiency.
1407	This skill increases your Water Alchemy efficiency.
1408	This skill increases your Earth Alchemy efficiency.
1409	This skill increases your Wind Alchemy efficiency.
1410	This skill increases your Fire Alchemy efficiency.
1411	This skill increases your Water Alchemy efficiency.
1412	This skill increases your Earth Alchemy efficiency.
1413	This skill increases your Wind Alchemy efficiency.
1414	Hail Storm
1415	Make Theatre Mission Pass
1416	Assault Slash
1417	Fusion Bolt is an advanced technique that combines the powers of two different types of Bolt Magic. In the past, two party members needed to cast different magic attacks. After much research, a single person can now accomplish the same feat. This can be achieved by first casting Bolt Magic with the currently equipped magic tool, then manually casting Bolt Magic of a different attribute.
1418	Play enthralling music with an instrument to entice a nearby animal or Fomor. Once enamored, the creature mindlessly follows the music, wherever it goes. Try practicing on a rat in Alby Dungeon.
1419	Fusion Bolt is an advanced technique that combines the powers of two different types of Bolt Magic. In the past, two party members needed to cast different magic attacks. After much research, a single person can now accomplish the same feat. This can be achieved by first casting Bolt Magic with the currently equipped magic tool, then manually casting Bolt Magic of a different attribute.
1421	Play enthralling music with an instrument to entice a nearby animal or Fomor. Once enamored, the creature mindlessly follows the music, wherever it goes.
1422	Roar
1437	Thunder Storm
1438	Boost
1439	Thunder Breath
1440	Fire Storm
1442	When the Thunder Dragon is summoned by it's master, it attacks surrounding enemies with powerful thunder.  Enemies hit by this thunder will be petrifried for a certain amount of time.
1443	While flying in a straight line, Dragons can instantly increase their speed drastically. Although this depletes their Stamina, nothing can match their speed.
1444	A skill that gathers lightning in the dragon's mouth, and unleashes it in a straight line toward enemies.
1447	Fire Breath
1448	When the Fire Dragon is summoned by its master, it strikes surrounding enemies with a powerful heat wave and pushes them back.
1449	A skill that gathers fire in the dragon's mouth, and unleashes it in an explosive burst. Ideal for use against groups of enemies.
1450	When the Thunder Dragon is summoned by it's master, it attacks surrounding enemies with powerful thunder.  Enemies hit by this thunder will be petrifried for a certain amount of time.
1451	While flying in a straight line, Dragons can instantly increase their speed drastically. Although this depletes their Stamina, nothing can match their speed.
1452	A skill that gathers lightning in the dragon's mouth, and unleashes it in a straight line toward enemies.
1453	When the Fire Dragon is summoned by its master, it strikes surrounding enemies with a powerful heat wave and pushes them back.
1454	A skill that gathers fire in the dragon's mouth, and unleashes it in an explosive burst. Ideal for use against groups of enemies.
1459	Claudius's Conspiracy
1460	Ophelia's Tears
1461	Hamlet's Anguish
1462	Hamlet's life was filled with anguish. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, Defense and Strength increase for a fixed duration, but INT and DEX may decrease. Use the Persona that's right for you.
1468	Hamlet's life was filled with anguish. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, Defense and STR increase for a fixed duration, but INT and DEX may decrease. Use the Persona that's right for you.
1471	Claudius was clever enough to conspire against an entire kingdom. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, INT greatly increases for a fixed duration, but STR and DEX could decrease. Use the Persona that's right for you.
1472	Ophelia's life has been filled with painful tears. This skill embodies who she was. When this Persona is used, Will and DEX increase for a fixed duration, but STR and INT may decrease. Use the Persona that's right for you.
1473	Claudius was clever enough to conspire against an entire kingdom. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, INT greatly increases for a fixed duration, but STR and DEX could decrease. Use the Persona that's right for you.
1474	Ophelia's life has been filled with painful tears. This skill embodies who she was. When this Persona is used, Will and DEX increase for a fixed duration, but STR and INT may decrease. Use the Persona that's right for you.
1475	펫 봉인
1476	분신술
1477	몬스터의 영혼을 모아 자신의 분신으로 변화시켜 공격하는 스킬. 현재 자신의 스태미나가 많으면 많은 스태미나를 소모하는 대신 분신들이 더 활발하게 움직여 큰 대미지를 적에게 줄 수 있다. 한 번 사용하고 나면 몬스터의 영혼을 모아야 재사용할 수 있다.
1478	몬스터의 영혼을 모아 자신의 분신으로 변화시켜 공격하는 스킬. 현재 자신의 스태미나가 많으면 많은 스태미나를 소모하는 대신 분신들이 더 활발하게 움직여 큰 대미지를 적에게 줄 수 있다. 한 번 사용하고 나면 몬스터의 영혼을 모아야 재사용할 수 있다.
1479	데브데브
1480	데브데브
1481	데브데브
1482	Doppelganger
1483	This skill allows you to gather monster souls and turn them into clones to attack your enemies. If you have high Stamina, you can use it to inflict more damage on your enemy by making your doppelgangers more active. You must gather monster souls each time you use this skill.
1484	This skill allows you to gather monster souls and turn them into clones to attack your enemies. If you have high Stamina, you can use it to inflict more damage on your enemy by making your doppelgangers more active. You must gather monster souls each time you use this skill.
1530	Sword Mastery
1531	Axe Mastery
1532	Blunt Mastery
1533	Assault Slash
1534	Fusion Bolt
1535	Enthralling Performance
1536	Fire Mastery
1537	Ice Mastery
1538	Lightning Mastery
1539	Bolt Mastery
1540	Fire Alchemy
1541	Water Alchemy
1542	Earth Alchemy Mastery
1543	Wind Alchemy
1544	Transmutation
1545	When it comes to melee combat, swords are the weapons of choice. Sword Mastery enhances your skill with swords. While this ability doesn't grant any specific skills, it will grant you greater proficiency when you fight enemies using your trusty sword.
1546	Powerful and heavy, combat axes are a handful, to say the least. Axe Mastery allows you to maximize the power of your axe to deal greater damage with it.
1547	Blunt weapons may be bladeless, but they are powerful nonetheless. The Blunt Mastery skill enhances the power of blunt weapons. Train with blunt weapons ceaselessly, day and night, and you will learn to unleash their true power.
1548	A true fighter must never be caught off guard or show mercy. When an enemy falls, that is the moment to strike! Jump high into the air, and crash down, slashing with your sword. Your mighty strike will leave your enemy begging for mercy.
1549	Fusion Bolt is an advanced technique that combines the powers of two different types of Bolt Magic. In the past, two party members needed to cast different magic attacks. After much research, a single person can now accomplish the same feat. This can be achieved by first casting Bolt Magic with the currently equipped magic tool, then manually casting Bolt Magic of a different attribute.
1550	Play enthralling music with an instrument to entice a nearby animal or Fomor. Once enamored, the creature mindlessly follows the music, wherever it goes. Try practicing on a rat in Alby Dungeon.
1551	This skill increases your knowledge of Fire Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Fire Magic.
1552	This skill increases your knowledge of Ice Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Ice Magic.
1553	This skill increases your knowledge of Lightning Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Lightning Magic.
1554	This skill increases your knowledge of Bolt Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Bolt Magic.
1555	This skill increases your Fire Alchemy efficiency.
1556	This skill increases your Water Alchemy efficiency.
1557	This skill increases your Earth Alchemy efficiency.
1558	This skill increases your Wind Alchemy efficiency.
1559	This skill increases your knowledge of the structure and formation of substances, which increases your success rate for Fragmentation, Synthesis, and Crystal Production. This skill also enhances the quality of your Mana Crystals.
1560	When it comes to melee combat, swords are the weapons of choice. Sword Mastery enhances your skill with swords. While this ability doesn't grant any specific skills, it will grant you greater proficiency when you fight enemies using your trusty sword.
1561	Powerful and heavy, combat axes are a handful, to say the least. Axe Mastery allows you to maximize the power of your axe to deal greater damage with it.
1562	Blunt weapons may be bladeless, but they are powerful nonetheless. The Blunt Mastery skill enhances the power of blunt weapons. Train with blunt weapons ceaselessly, day and night, and you will learn to unleash their true power.
1563	A true fighter must never be caught off guard or show mercy. When an enemy falls, that is the moment to strike! Jump high into the air, and crash down, slashing with your sword. Your mighty strike will leave your enemy begging for mercy.
1564	Fusion Bolt is an advanced technique that combines the powers of two different types of Bolt Magic. In the past, two party members needed to cast different magic attacks. After much research, a single person can now accomplish the same feat. This can be achieved by first casting Bolt Magic with the currently equipped magic tool, then manually casting Bolt Magic of a different attribute.
1565	Play enthralling music with an instrument to entice a nearby animal or Fomor. Once enamored, the creature mindlessly follows the music, wherever it goes.
1566	This skill increases your knowledge of Fire Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Fire Magic.
1567	This skill increases your knowledge of Ice Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Ice Magic.
1568	This skill increases your knowledge of Lightning Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Lightning Magic.
1569	This skill increases your knowledge of Bolt Magic, which increases the damage you inflict on enemies. This skill is essential if you wish to master Bolt Magic.
1570	This skill increases your Fire Alchemy efficiency.
1571	This skill increases your Water Alchemy efficiency.
1572	This skill increases your Earth Alchemy efficiency.
1573	This skill increases your Wind Alchemy efficiency.
1574	This skill increases your knowledge of the structure and formation of substances, which increases your success rate for Fragmentation, Synthesis, and Crystal Production. This skill also enhances the quality of your Mana Crystals.
1575	Bow Mastery
1576	Crossbow Mastery
1577	Bow Mastery
1578	Crossbow Mastery
1579	The bow is an iconic ranged weapon. Bow Mastery skill training is required in order to deal greater damage against your opponent when using a bow. This skill aims to increase your damage by making you more proficient in using a bow.
1580	The crossbow fires a short, solid bolt at your opponent's weak point. Training in the Crossbow Mastery skill is a must if you want to perform a refined critical attack on an opponent using a crossbow. The crossbow in your hand will strike your enemies with deadly precision.
1581	The bow is an iconic ranged weapon. Bow Mastery skill training is required in order to deal greater damage against your opponent when using a bow. This skill aims to increase your damage by making you more proficient in using a bow.
1582	The crossbow fires a short, solid bolt at your opponent's weak point. Training in the Crossbow Mastery skill is a must if you want to perform a refined critical attack on an opponent using a crossbow. The crossbow in your hand will strike your enemies with deadly precision.
1583	The bow is an iconic ranged weapon. Bow Mastery skill training will allow you to deal more damage with a bow. As you learn this skill, your goal is to become proficient with the bow and increase your damage.
1584	The bow is an iconic ranged weapon. Bow Mastery skill training will allow you to deal more damage with a bow. As you learn this skill, your goal is to become proficient with the bow and increase your damage.
1585	IC
1586	IC_CD
1587	IC_SD
1588	Install Crop
1589	Lance Mastery
1590	Lance Stance
1591	Lance Charge
1592	Instal Private Farm Facility
1593	Lance Counter
1594	Lances can attack enemies from a distance. To equip a lance, you must have acquired Lance Mastery. As you train Lance Mastery, you will be able to deal more damage and even perform an additional attack.
1595	Lances can attack enemies from a distance. To equip a lance, you must have acquired Lance Mastery. As you train Lance Mastery, you will be able to deal more damage and even perform an additional attack.
1597	One weakness that lances have is that it's hard to attack an enemy that is close to you. Expert lancers, however, developed Lance Counter to compensate. Lance Counter activates faster than a normal Counterattack, but the position is not maintained as long; one must know exactly when the attack is coming to utilize the attack. The attack power of Lance Counter is directly proportionate to the enemy's attack. Definitely a must-have when fighting a powerful enemy.
1598	Lance Charge makes the wielder dash fiercely towards the enemy with their lance extended. While charging towards the target, all the enemies in between are knocked back. Although it cannot be used on nearby enemies, it is very effective for both damage and positioning.
1599	One weakness that lances have is that it's hard to attack an enemy that is close to you. Expert lancers, however, developed Lance Counter to compensate. Lance Counter activates faster than a normal Counterattack, but the position is not maintained as long; one must know exactly when the attack is coming to utilize the attack. The attack power of Lance Counter is directly proportionate to the enemy's attack. Definitely a must-have when fighting a powerful enemy.
1600	Lance Charge makes the wielder dash fiercely towards the enemy with their lance extended. While charging towards the target, all the enemies in between are knocked back. Although it cannot be used on nearby enemies, it is very effective for both damage and positioning.
1601	Lance Charge makes the wielder put the lance forward horizontally and fiercely dash towards the enemy. While charging towards the target, all the enemies in between are pushed away. Although it cannot be used on a nearby enemy, you will be able to experience the taste of attacking and pushing away enemies at the same time. Expert lancers often dream about performing Lance Charge while riding a horse.
1602	Lance Charge makes the wielder put the lance forward horizontally and fiercely dash towards the enemy. While charging towards the target, all the enemies in between are pushed away. Although it cannot be used on a nearby enemy, you will be able to experience the taste of attacking and pushing away enemies at the same time. Expert lancers often dream about performing Lance Charge while riding a horse.
1603	Reorient Homestead building
1604	Reorient Homestead building
1605	Hide
1606	A skill that allows you and your animal character to disappear, while you're mounted, at the cost of your animal character's MP. Animals, monsters, and other players can't see you while you're hidden. The skill ends when your animal character runs out of MP, when you attack, or when you're hit.
1607	A skill that allows you and your animal character to disappear, while you're mounted, at the cost of your animal character's MP. Animals, monsters, and other players can't see you while you're hidden. The skill ends when your animal character runs out of MP, when you attack, or when you're hit.
1608	Ice Storm
1609	Bran's Shockwave
1610	Bran's Arm Swing
1611	Bran's Charge
1612	Romeo's Confession
1613	Tybalt's Fencing Skills
1614	Juliet's Feelings
1615	Romeo was able to express love ever so beautifully. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, DEX increases for a fixed duration. Remember to use the Persona that's right for you.
1616	Tybalt was a hot-blooded young man known as the Greatest Swordsman of Verona. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, STR increases for a fixed duration. Remember to use the Persona that's right for you.
1617	Juliet was a beautiful and a wise young woman. This skill embodies who she was. When this Persona is used, INT increases for a fixed duration. Remember to use the Persona that's right for you.
1618	Romeo was able to express love ever so beautifully. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, DEX increases for a fixed duration. Remember to use the Persona that's right for you.
1619	Tybalt was a hot-blooded young man known as the Greatest Swordsman of Verona. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, STR increases for a fixed duration. Remember to use the Persona that's right for you.
1620	Juliet was a beautiful and a wise young woman. This skill embodies who she was. When this Persona is used, INT increases for a fixed duration. Remember to use the Persona that's right for you.
1621	Bow Mastery
1622	Crossbow Mastery
1623	The bow is an iconic ranged weapon. Bow Mastery skill training will allow you to deal more damage with a bow. As you learn this skill, your goal is to become proficient with the bow and increase your damage.
1624	The crossbow fires a short, solid bolt at your opponent's weak point. Training in the Crossbow Mastery skill is a must if you want to perform a refined critical attack on an opponent using a crossbow. The crossbow in your hand will strike your enemies with deadly precision.
1625	The bow is an iconic ranged weapon. Bow Mastery skill training will allow you to deal more damage with a bow. As you learn this skill, your goal is to become proficient with the bow and increase your damage.
1626	The crossbow fires a short, solid bolt at your opponent's weak point. Training in the Crossbow Mastery skill is a must if you want to perform a refined critical attack on an opponent using a crossbow. The crossbow in your hand will strike your enemies with deadly precision.
1627	Paint
1628	Activates when Paint is used.
1629	Mix Paint
1630	Activates when Paint is selected.
1631	Activates when Kettle is used.
1632	Claudius was clever enough to conspire against an entire kingdom. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, INT and Luck increases for a fixed duration, but STR and DEX could decrease. Use the Persona that's right for you.
1633	Claudius was clever enough to conspire against an entire kingdom. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, INT and Luck increases for a fixed duration, but STR and DEX could decrease. Use the Persona that's right for you.
1634	This skill increases your knowledge of the structure and formation of substances, which increases your success rate for Fragmentation, Synthesis, and Crystal Production. This skill also enhances the quality of your Mana Crystals.
1635	This skill increases your knowledge of the structure and formation of substances, which increases your success rate for Fragmentation, Synthesis, and Crystal Production. This skill also enhances the quality of your Mana Crystals.
1637	Pet Land Boost
1638	If you strike the ground with enough force, an earthquake will be generated.
1640	If you strike the ground with enough force, an earthquake will be generated.
1642	Pet Jump
1643	Running continuously in a single direction grants a large speed boost.
1644	Running continuously in a single direction grants a large speed boost.
1645	Flame Dive
1649	Running Boost
1650	Your Movement Speed increases as you run. This consumes your Stamina, but with this boost, you are faster than anyone else in the world.
1651	Your Movement Speed increases as you run. This consumes your Stamina, but with this boost, you are faster than anyone else in the world.
1654	With magic power concentrated in your feet, you jump and dive to the ground. The earth-shaking impact and magical flames push away surrounding enemies and cause damage.
1655	With magic power concentrated in your feet, you jump and dive to the ground. The earth-shaking impact and magical flames push away surrounding enemies and cause damage.
1656	Water the borrowed field to increase its moisture. Can only be used on the Taillteann farmland.
1657	Fertilize the borrowed field to increase its nourishment. Can only be used on the Taillteann farmland.
1658	Catch bugs in the borrowed field to increase its comfort. Can only be used on the Taillteann farmland.
1659	Water the borrowed field to increase its moisture. Can only be used on the Taillteann farmland.
1660	Fertilize the borrowed field to increase its nourishment. Can only be used on the Taillteann farmland.
1661	Catch bugs in the borrowed field to increase its comfort. Can only be used on the Taillteann farmland.
1662	Flown Hot-Air Balloon
1663	This skill allows you to make a Mini Hot Air Balloon. It is too small for you to ride, but it can float through the air.
1664	This skill allows you to make a Mini Hot Air Balloon. It is too small for you to ride, but it can float through the air.
1665	Continent Warp
1669	Allows you to steal Trade Goods.
1670	Allows you to steal Trade Goods.
1671	Escape
1674	Loot
1675	Allows you to disappear after running away from the enemy.
1676	Allows you to disappear after running away from the enemy.
1677	Shylock's Step
1680	Thunder
1681	Thunder
1682	Thunder
2022	Add Seasoning
2023	Damage
2024	When successful, grants the use of the opponent's Attack Rate.
2025	Min Ranged Attack Damage
2026	Damage
2027	Damage
2028	Min Damage
2029	MP Recovery Speed
2030	HP Recovery
2031	Balance
2032	Min Damage
2033	Min Damage
2034	Min Damage
2035	Min Damage
2036	Min Damage
2037	Min Damage
2038	Effect Duration
2039	Fish Size
2040	Damage
2041	[Transforming] Max HP
2042	[Transforming] STR
2043	[Transforming] DEX
2044	[Transforming] Min Damage
2045	[Transforming] STR
2046	[Transforming] STR
2047	[Transforming] INT
2048	[Transforming] DEX
2050	Exploration Range
2051	Duration
2052	Attack Range
2053	Attack Range
2054	Attack Range
2055	Attack Range
2056	Accuracy
2057	[Transforming] Max HP
2058	[Transforming] Defense
2059	[Transforming] Max MP
2060	[Transforming] Critical
2061	Ranged Attack Damage
2062	[Transforming] Max Damage
2063	[Transforming] Max HP
2064	[Transforming] Stamina
2065	[Transforming] Max MP
2066	Damage
2067	Range
2068	Close-Range Charge
2069	Success Rate
2070	Damage Reduction Rate
2071	Duration
2072	Duration
2073	Aim Speed
2074	Golem Max HP
2075	Damage
2076	Min Damage
2077	Min Damage
2078	Min Damage
2079	Min Blindness Duration
2080	Cloud Duration
2081	Damage
2082	Damage
2083	Duration
2084	Damage
2086	Explosion Damage
2087	Max Success Rate
2088	Effect Duration
2089	Wood Chopping Success Rate
2090	HP Recovery
2091	Min Damage
2092	Defense
2093	Damage
2094	Projectile Damage
2095	Min Damage
2096	Min Damage
2097	Min Damage
2098	Damage
2099	Cooldown Decreased
2100	Damage
2101	Damage
2102	Damage
2103	Damage
2104	Min Damage
2105	Efficiency
2106	Efficiency
2107	Efficiency
2108	Efficiency
2109	Min Damage
2110	Min Damage
2111	Min Damage
2112	Use Opponent's Attack
2113	Attack Rate when successful
2114	Ranged Attack Max Damage
2115	HP Consumption Rate
2116	Max Damage
2117	Healing Wand Effectiveness
2118	Max Damage
2119	Max Damage
2120	Max Damage
2121	Max Damage
2122	Max Damage
2123	Max Damage
2124	Finish Shot
2126	Chance to Lure
2127	Finish Shot
2128	[Transforming] Max MP
2129	[Transforming] Will
2130	[Transforming] Balance
2131	[Transforming] Max Damage
2132	[Transforming] Max MP
2133	[Transforming] Balance
2134	[Transforming] Critical
2135	[Transforming] Injury Rate
2136	Cooldown Decreased
2137	Min Damage
2138	Attack Target
2139	[Transforming] Max Stamina
2140	[Transforming] Protection
2141	[Transforming] INT
2142	[Transforming] Balance
2143	Magic Damage
2144	[Transforming] Min Damage
2145	[Transforming] Defense
2146	[Transforming] STR
2147	[Transforming] INT
2148	Attack Range
2149	Icebolt Damage Min Reduction Rate
2150	Firebolt Damage Reduction Rate
2151	Lightning Bolt Damage Reduction Rate
2152	Ranged Attack Damage Reduction Rate
2153	Duration
2154	Max Distance
2155	Amount gathered per attempt
2156	Damage Reduction Rate with equipped Healing Wand
2157	Protection
2158	Range
2159	Skill Charge Speed
2160	Golem Damage
2161	Life Absorbed
2162	Max Damage
2163	Max Damage
2164	Max Damage
2165	Max Blindness Duration
2166	Cloud Range
2167	Range
2168	Cooldown Decreased
2169	Damage
2170	Min Success Rate
2171	Damage
2172	Range
2173	Max Damage
2174	Fragment Damage
2175	Max Damage
2176	Max Damage
2177	Max Damage
2178	Max Damage
2179	Max Damage
2180	Max Damage
2181	Max Damage
2182	Attack Rate
2183	Max Distance
2184	Defense Rate when successful
2185	Critical Success
2186	Aim Speed
2187	Attack Range
2188	Wand Effectiveness
2189	Automatic Fishing Success Rate
2190	[Transforming] Max Stamina
2191	[Transforming] Max Stamina
2192	Teleport Distance
2193	Max Damage
2194	Monster Stun Duration
2196	[Transforming] Will
2197	[Transforming] DEX
2198	[Transforming] Max Injury Rate
2199	[Transforming] Protection
2200	[Transforming] Will
2201	[Transforming] Critical
2202	Icebolt Damage Max Reduction Rate
2203	Firebolt Damage Reduction Rate
2204	Thunder Damage Reduction Rate
2205	Success Rate
2206	Ranged Damage Reduction Rate
2207	Duration
2208	Protection
2210	Golem Defense
2211	Duration
2212	Range
2213	Attack Range
2215	Attack Range
2216	HP Recovery
2217	Attack Range
2218	Diamond Success Rate
2219	Explosion Radius
2220	Min Damage
2222	Cooldown Decreased
2223	Attack Range
2224	Critical
2225	Critical
2226	Critical
2227	Attack Distance
2228	Radius Applied
2229	Critical
2230	Critical
2232	Charge Damage
2233	Protection upon success
2234	Balance
2236	Automatic Fishing Catch Size
2237	[Transforming] Defense
2238	Effect Sustained
2239	Damage
2241	[Transforming] Min Injury Rate
2242	Range
2243	Range
2244	Range
2245	Range
2246	Cooldown Decreased
2247	Max HP
2248	Duration
2249	Min Monsters Lured
2250	Duration
2251	Golem Protection
2252	Water Cannon Damage
2253	MP Recovery
2254	Limit
2255	Max Damage
2257	Defense
2258	Range
2259	Max Fragment Range
2260	Balance
2261	Balance
2262	Balance
2263	Damage
2264	Max Monsters Applied
2267	Ranged Attack Balance
2268	Attack Distance
2269	[Transforming] Protection
2270	Effect Range
2271	[Transforming] Max Injury Rate
2272	[Transforming] DEX
2273	Duration
2274	Duration
2275	Duration
2276	Duration
2277	Damage
2278	Cooldown Decreased
2279	Max Monsters Lured
2280	Cooldown Decreased
2281	Golem Summon Duration
2282	Duration
2283	Explosion Range
2284	Stamina Recovery
2285	Bow Production Time
2286	Max Fragments
2287	Cooldown Decreased
2290	[Transforming] Min Injury Rate
2291	[Transforming] Balance
2292	Exclusive Weapon Damage
2293	Cooldown Decreased
2294	Cooldown Decreased
2295	Cooldown Decreased
2296	Cooldown Decreased
2297	Attack Monster Damage
2298	Teleport Distance
2299	Cooldown Decreased
2300	Stun Duration
2301	Casting Duration
2302	Main Target Damage
2303	[Transforming] STR
2304	Exclusive Weapon Range
2305	Monster Knockdown Rate Increase
2306	Range
2307	Min Damage
2308	Cooldown Decreased
2309	Cooldown Decreased
2310	Monster Stun Duration
2311	Max Damage
2312	Ignore Stun
2313	Cooldown Decreased
2314	Cooldown Decreased
2316	Horseback Charge Max Distance
2317	Horseback Charge Damage
2318	Stamina Consumption
2319	Min Damage
2320	Min Damage
2322	Max Damage
2323	Max Damage
2324	Min Damage
2325	Success Rate
2326	Instrument Playing Success Rate
2327	Success Rate
2328	Success Rate
2330	Range
2331	Duration
2332	Duration
2333	Max Damage
2334	Duration
2335	Duration
2337	Allows you to instantly warp to Uladh, Iria, or Belvast Island.
2338	Allows you to instantly warp to Uladh, Iria, or Belvast Island.
2341	Shylock was a man who always yearned to be with his family as quickly as possible. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, Movement Speed increases drastically for a fixed duration.
2342	Shylock was a man who always yearned to be with his family as quickly as possible. This skill embodies who he was. When this Persona is used, Movement Speed increases drastically for a fixed duration.
2343	A skill that uses a steam oven to crystalize the power of magic such as Fireball, Thunder, or Ice Spear. These crystals can be used by anyone who is equipped with a Cylinder. At higher ranks, better-quality crystals can be produced and a shorter amount of time is spent casting when using the Mana Crystal. Although you can use your own magic to perform Mana Crystallization, it's not recommended because of the difficulty of handling both Alchemy and your own magic simultaneously. (Using someone else's magic will produce superior results.)
2344	A skill that uses a steam oven to crystalize the power of magic such as Fireball, Thunder, or Ice Spear. These crystals can be used by anyone who is equipped with a Cylinder. At higher ranks, better-quality crystals can be produced and a shorter amount of time is spent casting when using the Mana Crystal. Although you can use your own magic to perform Mana Crystallization, it's not recommended because of the difficulty of handling both Alchemy and your own magic simultaneously. (Using someone else's magic will produce superior results.)
2345	Bonus for gem sizes other than Diamonds
2346	Quality Bonus
2347	Bow Production Quality Bonus
2348	Bow Production Quality Bonus
2349	Quality Bonus
2352	Lure Enhancement
2353	Blindness Enhancement
2354	Human Charge Range Width
2355	Enthrall Enhancement
2356	Range Width (Giant)
2357	Horseback Charge Range Width
2358	Able to charge without shields
2359	Umbrella
2360	Seal Item
2361	This skill lets you open your umbrella.
2362	This skill allows you to seal an item to protect it from being destroyed.
2363	This skill lets you open your umbrella.
2364	This skill allows you to seal an item to protect it from being destroyed.
2365	[Transforming] Damage
2366	[Transforming] Injury Rate
2367	Damage
2368	Enthrall Enhancement
2369	Explosion Range
2370	Range
2371	Attack Radius
2372	Accuracy
2373	Duration
2374	Critical Damage
2375	[Transforming] Max HP
2376	Hands of Salvation
2377	The partner unleashes a ranged attack to save their master, knocking the monsters back.
2378	The partner unleashes a ranged attack to save their master, knocking the monsters back.
2385	Gold Strike
2386	Money may not be able to buy happiness (though that's debatable), but it most certainly can guarantee safety. When you're threatened, throw a pouch of gold coins at your enemies, and it'll rain down on them like razor sharp knives. You can even charge the skill to deal extra damage! The first charge costs 100 gold, and you can charge up to 10 times, for a total cost of 10,000 gold. If you're lucky, the pouch may explode, dealing damage to nearby enemies as well! But if you're not careful, you just might go broke.
2387	Money may not be able to buy happiness (though that's debatable), but it most certainly can guarantee safety. When you're threatened, throw a pouch of gold coins at your enemies, and it'll rain down on them like razor sharp knives. You can even charge the skill to deal extra damage! The first charge costs 100 gold, and you can charge up to 10 times, for a total cost of 10,000 gold. If you're lucky, the pouch may explode, dealing damage to nearby enemies as well! But if you're not careful, you just might go broke.
2388	Equip a [Tailoring Kit], which are sold in General Shops.
2389	Equip an [instrument], which are sold in General Shops.
2390	Carry out either [Learn the Rest skill] or [To A Stronger Form].
2391	Read [Introduction to Music Composition], which is sold at the General Shop.
2392	Read [Music Theory], which is sold by [Aeira] in Dunbarton.
2393	Talk to [Piaras] in Tir Chonaill with the [Skills] keyword and then do the [Gathering Firewood] quest. \n\nElves and Giants: Complete the tutorial.
2394	Get healed from [Dilys] in Tir Chonaill or [Manus] in Dunbarton.\n\nElves and Giants: Complete the tutorial.
2395	Read [The World of Handicrafts], which is sold by [Aeira] in Dunbarton.
2396	Talk to [Malcolm] in Tir Chonaill with the [Skills] keyword, then do the [Gathering Wool] quest.\n\nElves can talk to [Lepus] in Filia with the [Skills] keyword.
2397	Talk to [Elen] in Bangor with the [Skills] keyword, then do the [Elen's Request] quest.\n\nElves can talk to [Meles] in Filia and Giants can talk to [Taunes] in Physis.
2398	Equip a [Blacksmith Hammer], which are sold by [Elen] in Bangor, then talk to [Edern] in Bangor with the [Skills] keyword.
2399	Start the tutorial.
2400	Start the tutorial.
2401	Start the tutorial.
2402	Equip a [bow] or a [crossbow].
2403	Equip a [bow], then talk to [Duncan] in Tir Chonaill with the [Skills] keyword to get the [Magnum Shot] keyword. Then, talk to [Trefor] and [Ranald] with the [Magnum Shot] keyword.
2404	Proceed through the tutorial.\n\nIf you missed learning skills, talk to [Ranald] in Tir Chonaill with the [Skills] keyword and do [Ranald's Armor Delivery].
2405	Acquisition Method
2406	Raise [Combat Mastery] or [Ranged Attack] to at least Rank F to learn the practice rank of [Critical Hit], then get hit by a [Critical Attack].
2407	After learning the 3 magic bolts, talk to [Stewart] in Dunbarton with the [Skills] keyword.\n\nElves should talk to [Castanea] in Filia, and Giants should talk to [Weide] in Vales with the [Skills] keyword.
2408	Equip [Magic Powder], which is sold in Magic Shops.
2409	Read [Healing: The Basics of Magic], which is sold by [Stewart] in Dunbarton and [Lassar] in Tir Chonaill.
2410	Do the [A Lesson in Magic Mastery] quest during the tutorial.
2411	Read [Basics of Lightning Magic: the Lightning Bolt], which is sold by [Stewart] in Dunbarton and [Lassar] in Tir Chonaill.
2412	After you've learned Lightning Bolt, equip a [Lightning Wand] and talk to [Stewart] in Dunbarton with the [Skills] keyword. Then, complete the [Earn Thunder Skillbook] quest.
2413	Read [A Guidebook on Firebolt], sold by [Stewart] in Dunbarton and [Lassar] in Tir Chonaill.
2414	Equip the [the Elemental Apprentice] title, which can be obtained by learning the 3 types of magic bolts. Then talk to [Stewart] in Dunbarton using the[Skills] keyword to get the [Learn Fireball] quest.
2415	Read [Icebolt Spell: Origin and Training], sold by [Stewart] in Dunbarton and [Lassar] in Tir Chonaill.
2416	Equip the [the Elemental Apprentice] title, which is obtained by learning the 3 types of magic bolts and [Ice Wand]. Then talk to [Stewart] in Dunbarton with the [Skills] keyword to get the [Acquire the Ice Spear skill book] quest.
2417	Talk to [Glenis] in Dunbarton with the [Skills] keyword and then read the [Step-By-Step Cooking Skill 101] book.
2418	Complete at least 10 part-time jobs for [Manus], the healer in Dunbarton, and then talk to [Manus] with the [Skills] keyword.\n\nElves will need to talk to [Atrata] in Filia and Giants will need to talk to [Kirine] in Vales.
2419	Equip a [Making Potion Concoction Kit], which are sold by Healers.
2420	Equip a [Fishing Rod], which are sold at General Shops.
2421	Talk to [Aranwen] in Dunbarton with the [Skills] keyword while you have the [the Fire Arrow] title equipped. Then, do the [Learn Arrow Revolver] quest.
2422	Talk to [Trefor] in Tir Chonaill with the [Skills] keyword while you have a [bow] equipped.
2423	Clear G2 [Paladin].
2424	Do the [Production Mastery] or [Red Sand Scorpion Venom Sac] quest during the tutorial.
2425	Use the [Healing] skill while you have a [Healing Wand] equipped.
2426	Clear G3 [Dark Knight].
2427	Acquisition Method
2428	With twin swords equipped, talk to [Aodhan] in Emain Macha with the [Skills] keyword and then talk to [Nicca] at the Qilla Base Camp with the [Twin Sword] keyword. Then, go through the [The True Purpose of the Twin Sword] quest.
2429	Talk to [Castanea] in Filia with the [Skills] keyword, then do the [Mirage Missile] quest.
2430	Do the [Deliver Wine] quest during the tutorial.
2431	Equip a [javelin] or an [atlatl].
2432	Clear G2 or complete all the Beast Mode quests triggered by the Yoff's Memory quest.
2433	Clear G2 or complete all the Beast Mode quests triggered by the Krug's Summoning Order quest.
2434	After learning [Natural Shield], take the [Restored White Crystal Orb], which can be obtained through artifact restoration, to [Kousai] in Courcle.
2435	After learning [Natural Shield], take the [Restored Red Crystal Orb], which can be obtained through artifact restoration, to [Kousai] in Courcle.
2436	After learning [Natural Shield], take the [Restored Blue Crystal Orb], which can be obtained through artifact restoration, to [Kousai] in Courcle.
2437	Take the Courcle Raft. When you encounter a Hobgoblin using a Magic Shield, use a skill of that same attribute against the Hobgoblin. This will teach you the [Magic Shield Skill] keyword. Talk to [Kousai] in Cor with this keyword.
2438	Equip a [Courcle Taming Cane], sold by [Tupai] at Cor in Courcle.
2439	Talk to [Waboka] at Cor in Courcle with the [Skills] keyword while you have a shield equipped, then do the [Exterminating the Hobgoblins] quest.
2440	When your Exploration Level is 6 or above, talk to [Effie] at the Qilla Base Camp with the [Skills] keyword, then do the [Collect Gold Ore Fragments] quest.
2441	Talk to [Kousai] at Cor in Courcle with the [Skills] keyword, then do the [Earn Recognition From the Cor Village Residents] quest.
2442	Do the [Alchemist Seal] mission during the G9 Storyline.
2443	Talk to [Krug] in Vales with the [Skills] keyword after you've learned Charge.
2444	Talk to [Taunes] in Vales with the [Skills] keyword, and then go through the [Abstaining from Emotion] quest.
2445	Talk to [Meles] in Filia with the [Skills] keyword when your [Mirage Missile] skill is at least Rank F, then do the [Hidden Rapid-Fire Technique] quest.
2446	Read [Alchemy and Battling], which is sold by [Dorren] in Taillteann.
2447	Do the [Fallon's Request] quest during the G9 Storyline.
2448	Read [About Synthesis and Fragmentation in Alchemy], which is sold by [Dorren] in Taillteann.
2449	Do the [Scouting Mission] mission during the G9 Storyline.
2450	After learning the Fragmentation skill and leveling it to at least 30, talk to [Doren] in Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword.
2451	Equip a [Cylinder], which are sold by [Eabha] in Taillteann.
2452	Purchase a [Water Crystal] from [Eabha] in Taillteann.
2453	Talk to [Eabha] in Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword.
2454	Advance [Water Cannon] and [Wind Blast] to Rank D or higher and then talk to [Eabha] at Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword. Then, do the [Flaming Fire Crystal] quest.
2455	Talk to [Lucas] in Emain Macha with the [Skills] keyword and then do the [Blindness] quest.
2456	Acquired during the [Rain Maker, Irinid] quests when going through the G10 Storyline.
2457	When [Water Cannon] is Rank A or higher, talk to [Dorren] in Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword and then go through the [Calming the Snow Storm] quest.
2458	Clear G10 [Goddess of Light].
2459	During the G10 Storyline, go through the [Corrupted Alchemist] quest.
2460	Advance [Combat Mastery] and [Magic Mastery] to Rank C or higher and then talk to [Berched] in Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword.
2461	When the rank of [Combat Mastery] is at C or higher, talk to [Glewyas] at the Tara Royal Castle with the [Skills] keyword then go through the [Evasion] quest.
2462	During the G11 Storyline, do the [Ancient Alchemy] mission.
2463	Talk to [Tracy] in Dugald Aisle with the [Skills] keyword and then do the [Collect Average Firewood] quest.
2464	Use the [Healing] skill while you have a [Healing Wand] equipped.
2465	During the G12 Storyline, go through the [Investigate the Underground Waterway] quest.
2466	There is a low chance to acquire it when [Water Cannon], [Flame Burst], and [Sand Burst] have been used after having been charged many times.
2467	Do the [Fragment Attack] quest that is given after raising [Ranged Attack] to Rank 9 or higher.
2468	Equip a [sword].
2469	Equip an [axe].
2470	Equip a [blunt weapon].
2471	After advancing the rank of [Smash] to rank C or higher, either complete the [Assault Slash] quest or talk to [Trefor] in Tir Chonaill with the [Skills] keyword.\n\nGiants: When [Smash] is at rank C or higher, talk to [Taunes] in Vales with the [Skills] keyword.
2472	Learn [Firebolt], [Icebolt], and [Lightning Bolt], and then succeed in [Duo Fusion Bolt].
2473	Try to play an [instrument].
2474	Use fire attribute magic.
2475	Use ice attribute magic.
2476	Use lightning attribute magic.
2477	Talk to [Lassar] in Tir Chonaill with the [Skills] keyword while you have the [Elemental Apprentice] title equipped.
2478	Learn the [Icebolt], [Ice Spear], and [Ice Shield] skills, and then clear the [Ice Travel] quest.
2479	Use a Fire Alchemy skill.
2480	Use a Water Alchemy skill.
2481	Use an Earth Alchemy skill.
2482	Use a Wind Alchemy skill.
2483	Perform a [Synthesis], [Fragmentation], [Mana Crystallization], or [Crystal Making].
2484	Equip a [bow].
2485	Equip a [crossbow].
2486	Equip a [lance]. Lances can be purchased from the Weapons Shop.
2487	After advancing [Lance Mastery] to Rank F, complete the [Master of Lance Counter] quest.
2488	After learning [Lance Counter], complete [The Lance Charge Master] quest.
2489	Equip a [bow].
2490	Equip a [crossbow].
2491	When your cumulative level is 15 or higher, talk to [Austeyn] in Dunbarton with the [Skills] keyword.
2492	When the rank of [Combat Mastery] is at C or higher, talk to [Glewyas] at the Tara Royal Castle with the [Skills] keyword then go through the [Evasion] quest.
2493	After advancing [Smash] to rank C or higher, either complete the [Assault Slash] quest or talk to [Trefor] in Tir Chonaill with the [Skills] keyword.\n\nGiants: When [Smash] is at rank C or higher, talk to [Taunes] in Vales with the [Skills] keyword.
2494	Learn [Firebolt], [Icebolt], and [Lightning Bolt], and then succeed in [Duo Fusion Bolt].
2495	Scare
2496	Use to mimic a monster.
2497	Use to mimic a monster.
2498	Read [Introduction to Music Composition], which is sold at the Bookstore and the General Shop.
2499	Read [Campfire Manual], which is sold by [Aeira] in Dunbarton.
2501	After learning the 3 magic bolts, Humans should talk to [Stewart] in Dunbarton, Elves should talk to [Castanea] in Filia, and Giants should talk to [Weide] in Vales with the [Skills] keyword.
2502	After learning [Natural Shield], take the [Restored White Crystal Orb], which can be obtained through artifact restoration, and talk to [Kousai] in Courcle.
2503	After learning [Natural Shield], take the [Restored Red Crystal Orb], which can be obtained through artifact restoration, and talk to [Kousai] in Courcle.
2504	After learning [Natural Shield], take the [Restored Blue Crystal Orb], which can be obtained through artifact restoration, and talk to [Kousai] in Courcle.
2505	At [Level 20] or higher, talk to [Taunes] in Vales with the [Skills] keyword, and then go through the [Abstaining from Emotion] quest.
2506	[Transforming] STR
2508	Be Level 30 or higher, and talk to [Dorren] at Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword, but only after you've learned the Fragmentation skill.
2510	When [Water Cannon] is Rank A or higher and you've already learned the [Synthesis] skill, talk to [Dorren] in Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword and then go through the [Calming the Snow Storm] quest.
2511	Advance [Combat Mastery] and [Magic Mastery] to Rank C or higher and then talk to [Berched] in Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword. Then, go through the [Learn Blaze] quest.
2512	Talk to [Glewyas] at the Tara Royal Castle with the [Skills] keyword.
2513	Talk to Tracy with the [Skills] keyword.
2514	Proceed through the tutorial.\n\nIf you missed skills, advance [Smash] to Rank C, then talk to Trefor with the [Skills] keyword.
2515	Learn Bolt Mastery and then talk to Stewart in Dunbarton about the skill.
2516	During the G13 Storyline, go through the [The Bard's Flute] quest.
2517	When your cumulative level is 15 or higher, talk to [Austeyn] in Dunbarton with the [Skills] keyword and then complete the [Combat Skill for the Rich] quest.
2518	While in Deadly status, get healed from [Dilys] in Tir Chonaill or [Manus] in Dunbarton.\n\nElves and Giants: Complete the tutorial.
2519	With twin swords equipped, talk to [Aodhan] in Emain Macha with the [Skills] keyword and then talk to [Nicca] at the Qilla Base Camp with the [Twin Sword] keyword. Then, go through [The True Purpose of the Twin Sword] quest.
2520	Purchase a [Metallurgy Sieve] from [Effie] at the Qilla Base Camp, and then equip it.
2521	Purchase a [Water Crystal] from [Eabha] in Taillteann and then reconnect.
2522	Spirit Cylinder Awakening
2523	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the Spirit Cylinder to actually assist in combat. The spirit, once is awakened, has the ability to attack multiple targets within a general vicinity. In order for spirits to make attacks however, they must first be awakened, but only spirits with a Social Level of at least 21 can do so. The energy required to awaken the spirit can only be collected a small amount at a time, through using the Spirit Weapon in combat. Only when enough energy has been gathered can this skill then be activated. As soon as the skill is activated, the energy begins to escape though, and since no further energy can be gathered, this skill should only be activated once an appropriate target has been spotted.
2524	Total number of shots
2525	Attack interval(ms)
2526	Max Attack Range(cm)
2527	Splash Attack Range(cm)
2528	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the Spirit Cylinder to actually assist in combat. The spirit, once is awakened, has the ability to shoot a giant water cannon which deals damage to nearby enemies. The water cannon can hit a single enemy multiple times. In order for spirits to make attacks however, they must first be awakened, but only spirits with a Social Level of at least 21 can do so. The energy required to awaken the spirit can only be collected a small amount at a time, through using the Spirit Weapon in combat. Only when enough energy has been gathered can this skill then be activated. As soon as the skill is activated, the energy begins to escape though, and since no further energy can be gathered, this skill should only be activated once an appropriate target has been spotted.
2529	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the Spirit Cylinder to actually assist in combat. The spirit, once is awakened, has the ability to shoot a giant water cannon which deals damage to nearby enemies. The water cannon can hit a single enemy multiple times. In order for spirits to make attacks however, they must first be awakened, but only spirits with a Social Level of at least 21 can do so. The energy required to awaken the spirit can only be collected a small amount at a time, through using the Spirit Weapon in combat. Only when enough energy has been gathered can this skill then be activated. As soon as the skill is activated, the energy begins to escape though, and since no further energy can be gathered, this skill should only be activated once an appropriate target has been spotted.
2530	A skill that helps to defeat surrounding enemies by spinning around.
2531	No matter how skilled you are at close-ranged combat, it's never easy to handle multiple enemies at once. This skill helps you slip through dangerous situations. This skill is extremely useful, especially when you've been hit multiple times by the enemy and have fallen to the ground.
2533	Talk to [Alissa] in Tir Chonaill with the Skills keyword.\n\nOr, during the tutorial, go through the [Production Mastery] quest.
2541	Frost Storm
2542	Ice Breath
2543	When the Ice Dragon is summoned by its master, it appears in a massive blizzard that freezes nearby enemies.
2544	A skill that releases a torrent of icy power from the dragon's mouth. Ideal for use against groups of enemies.
2545	When the Ice Dragon is summoned by its master, it appears in a massive blizzard that freezes nearby enemies.
2546	A skill that releases a torrent of icy power from the dragon's mouth. Ideal for use against groups of enemies.
2547	Tumble
2548	Combo Mastery
2557	Counterattack
2560	Complete [Alter Ego], a quest you get when your Strength is 150 or higher.
2561	Start the tutorial.
2562	When successful, grants the use of the opponent's Attack Rate.
2563	Attack Rate when successful
2586	Combo: Drop Kick
2587	Combo: Pummel
2588	Combo: Spinning Uppercut
2590	Damage
2591	Damage
2592	Damage
2593	Damage
2594	Damage
2595	Damage
2596	Cooldown Decreased
2597	Cooldown Decreased
2598	Cooldown Decreased
2599	Cooldown Decreased
2600	Cooldown Decreased
2601	Cooldown Decreased
2602	Knuckle Mastery
2606	Balance
2607	Minimum Damage
2608	Increases Max Damage
2609	Combo: Charging Strike
2611	Combo: Somersault Kick
2625	Stage 1 Combo skill. Instantly closes on your opponent and delivers a quick blow. The key to victory is striking faster than the eye can see.
2626	Stage 1 Combo skill. Focuses your strength into your fist and releases it to hit the enemy. A longer charge time will increase the damage and range. Be careful not to miss your target.
2627	Stage 2 Combo skill. Delivers a powerful uppercut. Usable after a stage 1 Combo skill. Your fist bursts into flame, threatening to destroy enemy armor and reduce their defense and protection.
2631	Stage 1 Combo skill. Instantly closes on your opponent and delivers a quick blow. The key to victory is striking faster than the eye can see.
2632	Stage 1 Combo skill. Focuses your strength into your fist and releases it to hit the enemy. A longer charge time will increase the damage and range. Be careful not to miss your target.
2633	Stage 2 Combo skill. Delivers a powerful uppercut. Usable after a stage 1 Combo skill. Your fist bursts into flame, threatening to destroy enemy armor and reduce their defense and protection.
2643	HP Recovery
2644	Wound Recovery
2645	Range
2646	Charge Time Reduction
2647	Defense Reduction
2648	Daze Duration
2649	Splash Range
2650	Hits
2651	Movement Speed
2652	Charge Range
2653	Protection Reduction
2654	Daze Chance
2656	Additional Hits
2657	Aftereffects Reduced
2658	Damage
2659	Defense/Protection Reduction Chance
2660	Splash Damage
2661	Cooldown Reduction
2662	Cooldown Reduction
2663	Range
2664	Duration
2665	Splash Range
2667	Equip a knuckle. Knuckles can be purchased from the Weapons Shop.
2668	Knuckles let you punish enemies with brutal punches. Knuckle Mastery enhances your skill with knuckles. Turn your fists into deadly weapons through constant training and discipline.
2669	Knuckles let you punish enemies with brutal punches. Knuckle Mastery enhances your skill with knuckles. Turn your fists into deadly weapons through constant training and discipline.
2670	Stamina Recovery
2671	Stage 2 Combo skill. Rain kicks on enemies to daze them. Usable after a stage 1 Combo skill. Enemies hit by the final kick will be unable to concentrate enough to use magic or alchemy.
2672	Stage 2 Combo skill. Rain kicks on enemies to daze them. Usable after a stage 1 Combo skill. Enemies hit by the final kick will be unable to concentrate enough to use magic or alchemy.
2684	Combo: Focused Fist
2685	Respite
2697	Even the strongest hand-to-hand fighter has to step back and observe the enemy from time to time. In such situations, roll away from the enemy and judge whether they will attack or counterattack. Doing this too often may cause dizziness.
2699	Counterattack allows you to turn your opponent's strength against them. This skill will greatly increase your abilities in close-range combat, as you'll be able to reflect almost any attack. The stronger your enemy's attack, the stronger your counterattack becomes. Counterattacking with knuckles will increase the stamina cost, but greatly reduce the prep time.
2700	Even the strongest hand-to-hand fighter has to step back and observe the enemy from time to time. In such situations, roll away from the enemy and judge whether they will attack or counterattack. Doing this too often may cause dizziness.
2702	Counterattack allows you to turn your opponent's strength against them. This skill will greatly increase your abilities in close-range combat, as you'll be able to reflect almost any attack. The stronger your enemy's attack, the stronger your counterattack becomes. Counterattacking with knuckles will increase the stamina cost, but greatly reduce the prep time.
2703	Merrow Smash
2739	After learning Knuckle Mastery, complete the Learn Charging Strike quest.
2740	After learning Combo Mastery, complete the Learn Focused Fist quest.
2741	After learning Charging Strike, complete the Learn Spinning Uppercut quest.
2742	After learning Focused Fist, complete the Learn Somersault Kick quest.
2743	After learning Tumble, complete the Learn Drop Kick quest.
2744	After learning Somersault Kick, complete the Learn Pummel quest.
2745	After learning Spinning Uppercut, complete the Learn Respite quest.
2746	After learning Respite, complete the Learn Tumble quest.
2747	After learning Drop Kick, complete the Learn Combo Mastery quest.
2748	Stage 3 Combo skill. Puts all of your weight into a powerful kick, blowing the enemy away. Usable after a stage 2 Combo skill. Cannot be used while wearing heavy armor. Enemies hit by your target also take damage. Aim your kick to take out as many foes as possible!
2749	Stage 3 Combo skill. Pins the enemy and delivers a flurry of blows. Usable after a stage 2 Combo skill. Cannot be used while wearing heavy armor. Rapidly tap the hotkey before pinning the enemy to deal additional blows. It may not seem like a fair tactic, but the enemy will be helpless once pinned.
2751	Stage 3 Combo skill. Puts all of your weight into a powerful kick, blowing the enemy away. Usable after a stage 2 Combo skill. Cannot be used while wearing heavy armor. Enemies hit by your target also take damage. Aim your kick to take out as many foes as possible!
2752	Stage 3 Combo skill. Pins the enemy and delivers a flurry of blows. Usable after a stage 2 Combo skill. Cannot be used while wearing heavy armor. Rapidly tap the hotkey before pinning the enemy to deal additional blows. It may not seem like a fair tactic, but the enemy will be helpless once pinned.
2754	Merrow Tidal Wave
2757	Merrow Rising Dragon
2758	Uses your inner willpower to restore health and stamina. However, this disrupts the balance of mana in your body. Using magic or alchemy too soon after using this skill will result in a penalty. Higher ranks of this skill dispel poisons.
2759	Uses your inner willpower to restore health and stamina. However, this disrupts the balance of mana in your body. Using magic or alchemy too soon after using this skill will result in a penalty. Higher ranks of this skill dispel poisons.
2760	Minimum Damage
2761	Max Damage
2762	Defeat enemies by attacking relentlessly. Increases the damage of Combo skills and reduces cooldowns. At higher ranks, allows you to use stage 3 Combo skills with reduced damage when wearing heavy armor.
2763	Defeat enemies by attacking relentlessly. Increases the damage of Combo skills and reduces cooldowns. At higher ranks, allows you to use stage 3 Combo skills with reduced damage when wearing heavy armor.
2764	Purchase a [Metallurgy Sieve] from [Effie] at the Qilla Base Camp, and then equip it.
2765	Range Width (Human)
2766	Horseback Charge Additional Distance of Charge
2767	Success Rate
2768	Success Rate
2769	Effect
2770	Minimum Range 
2771	Min Bow Production Quality Bonus
2772	Max Bow Production Quality Bonus
2773	Enthrallment Speed Boost
2776	Enthrallment Power Boost
2777	Total Cooldown Limit
2778	Opponent Damage Reflection Rate
2835	No matter how skilled you are at melee combat, it's never easy to handle multiple enemies at once. Using Windmill, you can spin around to attack all nearby enemies at once. This skill is extremely useful, especially when the enemies have you on the ground.
2836	Normal Attack
2837	Triggers a normal attack. Easy to use after targeting a monster.
2838	Triggers a normal attack. Easy to use after targeting a monster.
2853	Equip an [instrument], which are sold in General Shops.
2867	Duration
2868	Duration
2869	Duration
2870	Duration
2885	Duration
2886	Duration
2887	Duration
2888	Counterattack allows you to turn your opponent's strength against them. This skill will greatly increase your abilities in close-range combat, as you'll be able to reflect almost any attack. The stronger your enemy's attack, the stronger your counterattack becomes. When you're equipped with knuckles, which are usually used by Fighters, you can attack with more agility.
2889	Counterattack allows you to turn your opponent's strength against them. This skill will greatly increase your abilities in close-range combat, as you'll be able to reflect almost any attack. The stronger your enemy's attack, the stronger your counterattack becomes. When you're equipped with knuckles, which are usually used by Fighters, you can attack with more agility.
2890	Battlefield Overture
2891	Lullaby
2892	Vivace
2893	Enduring Melody
2894	Harvest Song
2895	March Song
2902	As history marched on, the Bards couldn't help but be dragged into Erinn's many wars. The songs they played to enhearten their comrades was passed along through the generations, and now these same songs are used to boost morale before a big battle. Thus, these songs earned the title Battlefield Overture.
2904	Vivace is a musical term that means 'fast tempo.' Musicians discovered that songs played at that tempo could heighten spellcasters' mental alacrity and, after some experimentation, discovered that Vivace music was able to confer such benefits upon Alchemists, Warriors, and Rangers as well.
2905	Music not only uplifts the soul, but the mind and body as well. A well-played Enduring Melody can even harden defenses and restore energy.
2906	Nothing makes the workday go by more quickly like a good song. During the long months of planting and harvesting, Bards developed a series of tunes that would uplift the workers' spirits and improve their crops. These songs came to be known as Harvest Songs.
2907	Carry a jaunty tune in your heart, and your footsteps become lighter. This is the concept behind the March Song--an energetic, cheerful melody that helps the Bard and his companions travel across the land more quickly.
2908	The Final Shot is a powerful ranged skill that sharpens your senses and lets you fire arrows at an extremely high velocity.  It also boosts the aiming speed of your ranged skills and allows you to take an opponent's arrows without staggering or getting knocked down. By clicking on a nearby location while holding the Shift key, you can also teleport to that location, dodging an enemy that is about to attack. However, teleporting reduces the skill duration, so it should be used carefully.
2909	Dischord
2911	Learn Enduring Melody and complete the Battlefield Overture quest.
2912	Learn Playing Instrument and complete the Lullaby and Enduring Melody quest.
2913	Learn Harvest Song and complete the Vivace quest.
2914	Learn Playing Instrument and complete the Lullaby and Enduring Melody quest.
2915	Learn Battlefield Overture and complete the Harvest Song quest.
2916	Learn Vivace and complete the March Song quest.
2917	An excellent Bard can use anything as an instrument, whether it's a weapon, a tool, or a monster's body. By striking an enemy just so, a Bard can spread the instrument's resonance through an enemy's whole being. Many well-mannered Bards refuse to do this, but others are exhilarated by the feeling of this resonance. Their targets are thrown into shock, and experience waves of pain as the blow continues to resonate through them.
2918	Debuff Duration
2919	Excellent Performance Rate
2920	Effect Radius
2921	Buff Loading Time
2922	Inspiring Performance Rate
2923	Normal Performance Effect
2924	Instant Damage
2925	Effect Radius
2926	Effect Radius
2927	Effect Radius
2928	Effect Radius
2929	Excellent Performance Effect
2930	Min Damage Boost
2931	Max Sleep Targets
2932	Magic Charging Speed
2933	Defense
2934	Walking Speed
2935	Inspiring Performance Effect
2936	Continuous Damage
2937	Max Damage Boost
2938	Weak Enemy Sleep Chance Bonus
2939	Alchemy Charging Speed
2940	Protection
2941	Mount Movement Speed
2942	Movement Speed Down
2943	Critical Boost
2944	Powerful Enemy Sleep Chance Bonus
2945	Attack Speed
2946	Mana Recovery Speed
2947	Gathering Speed
2948	Basic Sleep Chance
2949	Stamina Recovery Speed
2950	Music Buff Effect
2951	Bonus Sleep Damage
2952	Max Gathering Speed Bonus
2953	Lullabies are usually reserved for the ones you love; a true Bard can play a Lullaby for his worst enemy. In fact, enemies who hear the Lullaby can fall asleep in an instant, making it a useful song to play in a fight. Sleeping enemies are more sensitive to damage, but they won't stay asleep for long. Unfortunately, stronger enemies are more difficult to put to sleep.
2954	Equip a bow, then talk to Duncan in Tir Chonaill to learn about ranged attacks.
2955	Do the Fighting Lessons quest during the tutorial.
2956	Water Balloon Attack
2957	Throws a water balloon.
2958	Throws a water balloon.
2959	Control Marionette
2960	Pierrot Marionette
2961	Colossus Marionette
2977	Linked Marionette Min Damage Bonus
2978	Marionette-Appearance
2979	Marionette-Appearance
2980	Linked Marionette Max Damage Bonus
2981	Marionette-Min Damage Bonus
2982	Marionette-Min Damage Bonus
2983	Linked Marionette Critical Bonus
2984	Marionette-Max Damage Bonus
2985	Marionette-Max Damage Bonus
2986	Linked Marionette Balance Bonus
2987	Marionette-Strength
2988	Marionette-Strength
2989	Linked Marionette Skill Charge Bonus
2990	Marionette-Defense
2991	Marionette-Defense
2992	Marionette-Protection
2993	Marionette-Protection
2994	Marionette-Magic Defense
2995	Marionette-Magic Defense
2996	Flame of Resurrection
2997	The Phoenix exhausts its flame to revive its owner. Upon revival, powerful flames burn nearby enemies, and the Phoenix is unsummoned.
2998	The Phoenix exhausts its flame to revive its owner. Upon revival, powerful flames burn nearby enemies, and the Phoenix is unsummoned.
2999	Wine Making
3000	Grapes can be crushed and aged to make wine of a beautiful color and scent.
3003	Ask Nunu at the Dunbarton Commerce Imp about aging wine and make wine.
3004	광역 사거리
3007	펫 소환해제 딜레이 시간
3008	밀려나는 거리
3009	Min Damage
3010	Max Damage
3017	Sheep Shearing
3018	Mining
3019	Egg Gathering
3020	Mushroom Gathering
3022	Harvesting
3023	Hoeing
3045	Wire Pull
3046	Damage Magnification
3047	Range
3068	Puppet's Snare
3072	Damage Magnification
3073	Damage Magnification
3074	Range
3075	Critical Rate Boost
3076	Stun Time
3077	Stun Time
3078	Cooldown
3079	Range
3080	Cooldown
3083	Radius
3084	Cooldown
3086	Save Location
3087	Pet Teleport
3088	Saves your current location. You can use your pet to teleport back here with the Pet Teleport skill.
3089	Teleports you and your pet back to a saved location. Save locations with the Save Location skill.
3090	Saves your current location. You can use your pet to teleport back here with the Pet Teleport skill.
3091	Teleports you and your pet back to a saved location. Save locations with the Save Location skill.
3093	Improves the success rate and decreases the gather time when mining ore in Barri Dungeon, Cuilin Stones in Sliab Cuilin, and  Sulfur Ore in Zardine with a Pickaxe.
3094	Improves your ability to gather Eggs from Hens. Who knows? You just might find some golden eggs!
3096	Improves your ability to gather Milk from Milk Cows. Remember, milk is full of protein!
3097	Improves your ability to gather Wheat, Barley, and Corn, the cornerstones of a carb-filled diet.
3098	Improves your ability to gather Potatoes and Clams with a Hoe.
3100	Improves the success rate and decreases the gather time when mining ore in Barri Dungeon, Cuilin Stones in Sliab Cuilin, and  Sulfur Ore in Zardine with a Pickaxe.
3101	Improves your ability to gather Eggs from Hens. Who knows? You just might find some golden eggs!
3103	Improves your ability to gather Milk from Milk Cows. Remember, milk is full of protein!
3104	Improves your ability to gather Wheat, Barley, and Corn, the cornerstones of a carb-filled diet.
3105	Improves your ability to gather Potatoes and Clams with a Hoe.
3106	Equip a bladed weapon to gather balls of Wool from Sheep. There are lots of Sheep at the Tir Chonaill pasture.
3107	You'll need a Pickaxe to gather ore. You can purchase one from any Weapons Shop or Blacksmith's Shop.
3108	Use your bare hands to gather Eggs from the Hens in front of the Tir Chonaill Church.
3110	Purchase an empty bottle from a General Shop and hold it in your hand. Then try milking a Milk Cow south of Dunbarton.
3112	You'll need a Hoe to use this skill. You can purchase one from the Blacksmith's Shop in tir Chonaill.
3113	Emergency Ice Bomb
3114	1 Hit Damage Magnification
3115	2 Hit Damage Magnification
3116	3 Hit Damage Magnification
3120	1 Hit Damage Magnification
3121	Damage Magnification
3123	Critical Rate Boost
3125	Stun Time
3126	Range
3127	Cooldown
3128	2 Hit Damage Magnification
3129	Cooldown
3131	3 Hit Damage Magnification
3132	Improves your ability to gather the Mushrooms at the western end of Dugald Aisle. Mushrooms can be found between 8pm and 4am, Erinn time. Different mushrooms can be found on different days of the week. Remember, not all mushrooms are edible!
3133	Improves your ability to gather the Mushrooms at the western end of Dugald Aisle. Mushrooms can be found between 8pm and 4am, Erinn time. Different mushrooms can be found on different days of the week. Remember, not all mushrooms are edible!
3134	Use your bare hands to gather Mushrooms at the western end of Dugald Aisle. Mushrooms can be found between 8pm and 4am, Erinn time. 
3135	Equip a Sickle and gather grains at the Tir Chonaill Farmland. You can purchase a Sickle at the Tir Chonaill Blacksmith's Shop.
3136	Spirit Activation Min Damage
3137	Spirit Activation Max Damage
3138	Spirit Duration
3139	Marionette Skill Charge Time Bonus
3140	Spirit Activation Area Damage Magnification
3141	Spirit Activation Area
3144	Damage Magnification
3145	Damage Magnification
3146	Radius
3148	Casting Time
3149	Charge Width
3150	Casting Time
3151	Ask a Commerce Imp about aging wine and make wine.
3152	Spirit Gauge Speed
3153	Spirit Gauge Speed
3154	Spirit Gauge Speed
3155	Spirit Gauge Speed
3156	Spirit Gauge Speed
3159	Damage Magnification
3160	Damage Magnification
3161	Radius
3162	돌진 거리
3163	Charge Width
3164	Casting Time
3165	Casting Time
3166	Allows you to gather a large amount of Wool in a short amount of time. Isn't it wonderful how much Wool you can get from a Sheep without even killing it?
3167	Allows you to gather a large amount of Wool in a short amount of time. Isn't it wonderful how much Wool you can get from a Sheep without even killing it?
3168	Commerce Mastery
3169	Clever merchants know that controlling the market is more important than purchasing goods at a low price. This skill allows you to earn more during trades, but it won't guarantee a profit if you don't know what you're doing.
3170	Clever merchants know that controlling the market is more important than purchasing goods at a low price. This skill allows you to earn more during trades, but it won't guarantee a profit if you don't know what you're doing.
3172	Purchase a Handcart from the ogre at a Trading Post. If you've already purchased one, go talk to the ogre.
3174	Damage Magnification
3175	Radius
3176	Cooldown
3177	Spirit Gauge Speed
3178	Milking
3179	Cooldown
3180	Cooldown
3181	Improves your ability to gather Eggs from Hens. Who knows? You just might find some golden eggs!
3183	Improves the speed at which you milk cows. Nothing like a fresh glass of organic milk!
3184	Improves your ability to gather Wheat, Barley, and Corn using a Sickle.
3185	Improves your ability to gather Potatoes and Clams with a Hoe.
3186	Improves your ability to gather Eggs from Hens. Who knows? You just might find some golden eggs!
3188	Improves the speed at which you milk cows. Nothing like a fresh glass of organic milk!
3189	Improves your ability to gather Wheat, Barley, and Corn using a Sickle.
3190	Provoke Duration
3191	Provoke Abilities
3192	Buff Duration
3193	Defense Bonus
3194	Protection Bonus
3195	Improves your ability to gather Mushrooms. You can find Mushrooms west of the Dugald Aisle Logging Camp and in Karu Forest between 8pm and 4am, Erinn time. Different mushrooms can be found on different days of the week.
3196	Improves your ability to gather Mushrooms. You can find Mushrooms west of the Dugald Aisle Logging Camp and in Karu Forest between 8pm and 4am, Erinn time. Different mushrooms can be found on different days of the week.
3197	Marionette Hidden Resurrection
3198	Hidden skill that you use when you revive a Marionette with a Marionette Repair Kit
3203	Damage Magnification when Stun Disabled
3204	Marionette Skill Charge Time Bonus
3205	Spirit Activation Area Damage Magnification
3206	Cooldown
3207	Spirit Activation Area
3208	Cooldown
3209	Cooldown
3210	Act 2: Threshold Cutter
3211	Act 2: Threshold Cutter AI
3212	Act 1: Inciting Incident
3213	Act 1: Inciting Incident AI
3214	Act 4: Rising Action
3215	Act 9: Invigorating Encore
3216	Act 6: Crisis
3217	Act 7: Climactic Crash
3218	Act 6: Crisis AI
3219	Act 7: Climactic Crash AI
3220	Act 4: Rising Action AI
3221	Act 9: Invigorating Encore AI
3222	Allows you to take control of a Marionette in battle. You can see the level of the Puppeteer's skill in the quick movements of the Marionette. Legend has it that a master Puppeteer can give his Marionette life.
3223	Summons a beautiful Marionette armed with a hidden weapon. The Marionette becomes more sturdy as skill rank increases. Anyone can summon a Pierrot Marionette, but few can draw out its true power.
3224	Summons a bulky Marionette armed with brute strength. The Marionette becomes more sturdy as skill rank increases. Anyone can summon a Colossus Marionette, but few can draw out its true power.
3225	Uses the threads of your Control Bar to pull an enemy to you. It's useful for separating an enemy from the herd or pulling it away from an ally.
3226	Binds an enemy with the thread of your Control Bar. The target continues to take damage even after the skill ends.
3227	A Marionette skill that unleashes 3 powerful hits on the enemy. This part of the performance is when the hero overcomes her first challenge and crosses the threshold to adventure.
3228	A Marionette skill that stuns the enemy with a powerful charge. This part of the performance is when an unlikely encounter throws the hero's world into chaos, and she must begin a journey to find peace.
3229	A Marionette skill that deals damage and sends nearby enemies flying. This part of the performance is when the hero has fully accepted her destiny and rises to face all challenges head-on.
3230	A Marionette skill that revives the puppet, granting it life and new drive to attack the enemies. Controlling the Marionette directly will make it deal greater damage. This part of the performance is the touching encore after a long and perilous journey in which puppet and Puppeteer have become one.
3231	A Marionette skill that drags nearby enemies closer to your puppet. This part of the performance is the moment of crisis for the hero, when all hope is lost and she must draw upon her innermost strength.
3232	A Marionette skill in which the puppet charges forward, cutting a destructive swath through the enemy ranks. This part of the performance is the climactic battle when the hero finally achieves victory over her antagonists.
3233	Initial Min Damage Bonus
3234	Initial Max Damage Bonus
3235	Duration
3236	Damage Over Time After Stun
3237	Damage Over Time During Stun
3238	Complete the Puppeteer Talent Tutorial or ask Huw about his childhood.
3239	Complete the Puppeteer Talent Tutorial or ask Huw about his childhood.
3240	Complete the Puppeteer Talent Tutorial or ask Huw about his childhood.
3241	Equip a [Control Bar]. You can purchase one from a General Shop.
3242	Equip a [Control Bar]. You can purchase one from a General Shop.
3243	Complete the Puppeteer Talent Tutorial or ask Huw about his childhood.
3244	Complete the Puppeteer Talent Tutorial or ask Huw about his childhood.
3245	Complete the Puppeteer Talent Tutorial or ask Huw about his childhood.
3246	Reach Control Marionette Rank 5.
3247	After reaching Rank 9 in Control Marionette, complete the [Act 6: Crisis] quest.
3248	After reaching Rank 7 in Control Marionette, complete the [Act 7: Climactic Crash] quest.
3249	Fury of Connous
3250	Daemon of Physis
3251	You cannot use this right now.
3252	You cannot use this right now.
3253	A skill that transforms an Elf into beast mode using the power of Irinid.  Various stats will increase significantly, but the beast mode cannot be maintained for a long period of time.  You can only use it once a day, Erinn time.
3254	A skill that transforms a Giant into beast mode using the power of the ancient Giants.  Various stats will increase significantly, but the beast mode cannot be maintained for a long period of time.  You can only use it once a day, Erinn time.
3255	Clear G2 [Paladin].\n\nOr complete all the Beast Mode quests triggered by the Yoff's Memory quest.
3256	Clear G2 [Paladin].\n\nOr complete all the Beast Mode quests triggered by the Krug's Summoning Order quest.
3257	[Transforming] Max HP
3258	[Transforming] Max Stamina
3259	[Transforming] Max Damage
3260	[Transforming] Max Damage
3261	[Transforming] Min Damage
3262	[Transforming] Min Damage
3263	[Transforming] Max Injury Rate
3264	[Transforming] Max Injury Rate
3265	[Transforming] DEX
3266	[Transforming] Min Injury Rate
3267	[Transforming] Min Injury Rate
3268	[Transforming] Balance
3269	[Transforming] STR
3270	Duration
3271	Duration
3274	Explosive Revival
3275	If the player dies within an hour of using the skill, the player automatically revives. If there is a Fire Erg Crystal inside the pet's bag, a powerful flame will burn nearby enemies when the player revives. Also, the player's Strength, Mana, and Stamina will all be restored.
3276	If the player dies within an hour of using the skill, the player automatically revives. If there is a Fire Erg Crystal inside the pet's bag, a powerful flame will burn nearby enemies when the player revives.
3277	If the player dies within an hour of using the skill, the player automatically revives. If there is a Fire Erg Crystal inside the pet's bag, a powerful flame will burn nearby enemies when the player revives.
3278	If the player dies within an hour of using the skill, the player automatically revives. If there is a Fire Erg Crystal inside the pet's bag, a powerful flame will burn nearby enemies when the player revives.
3279	Phoenix's Flame
3280	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or ask [Huw] about his past after equipping a Control Bar.
3281	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or ask [Huw] about his past after equipping a Control Bar.
3282	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or ask [Huw] about his past after equipping a Control Bar.
3283	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or ask [Huw] about his past after equipping a Control Bar.
3284	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or ask [Huw] about his past after equipping a Control Bar.
3285	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or ask [Huw] about his past after equipping a Control Bar.
3286	After reaching Rank 6 in Control Marionette, complete the [Act 9: Invigorating Encore] quest.
3287	After reaching Rank C in Control Marionette, complete the [Act 6: Crisis] quest.
3288	After reaching Rank A in Control Marionette, complete the [Act 7: Climactic Crash] quest.
3291	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or equip a Control Bar to get the [Mysterious Mail] quest, followed by the [Huw's Childhood] quest.
3292	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or equip a Control Bar to get the [Mysterious Mail] quest, followed by the [Huw's Childhood] quest.
3293	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or equip a Control Bar to get the [Mysterious Mail] quest, followed by the [Huw's Childhood] quest.
3294	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or equip a Control Bar to get the [Mysterious Mail] quest, followed by the [Huw's Childhood] quest.
3295	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or equip a Control Bar to get the [Mysterious Mail] quest, followed by the [Huw's Childhood] quest.
3296	Complete the [Puppeteer Talent Tutorial] or equip a Control Bar to get the [Mysterious Mail] quest, followed by the [Huw's Childhood] quest.
3299	Equip a [Control Bar]. You can purchase one from a Weapons Shop.
3300	Equip a [Control Bar]. You can purchase one from a Weapons Shop.
3301	Transformation Mastery
3302	Devil's Dash
3303	Petrifying Roar
3304	Devil's Cry
3311	When summoned by its owner, the Bone Dragon uses powerful demonic powers to attack nearby enemies. Enemies hit by these demonic powers are stunned for a certain amount of time, and their Defense and Protection are decreased.
3312	Launches forward to petrify enemies. Ideal for use against groups of enemies.
3313	Summons energy from the underworld to deal damage to a single enemy. The cry is so terrifying, the enemy will be slowed upon hearing it. If a Blinker is hit with this attack, it will be unable to fly.
3314	When summoned by its owner, the Bone Dragon uses powerful demonic powers to attack nearby enemies. Enemies hit by these demonic powers are stunned for a certain amount of time, and their Defense and Protection are decreased.
3315	Launches forward to petrify enemies. Ideal for use against groups of enemies.
3316	Summons energy from the underworld to deal damage to a single enemy. The cry is so terrifying, the enemy will be slowed upon hearing it. If a Blinker is hit with this attack, it will be unable to fly.
3317	Learn the ancient ways of studying monsters. The higher your skill, the higher rank the monsters you can study. Once you finish collecting a monster's transformation, you can transform into it. Depending on your knowledge, your stats increase when you transform.
3318	Talk to Shamala in Courcle and go through the Rumors of Transformation quest.
3319	Transformation HP Bonus
3320	Transformation Defense Bonus
3321	Launches forward to petrify enemies. Ideal for use against groups of enemies. When you're not mounted, cast the spell, then hold down Shift and choose your target.
3322	Summons energy from the underworld to deal damage to a single enemy. The cry is so terrifying, the enemy will be slowed upon hearing it. If a Blinker is hit with this attack, it will be unable to fly. When you're not mounted, cast the spell, then hold down Shift and choose your target.
3323	Launches forward to petrify enemies. Ideal for use against groups of enemies. \nWhen you're not mounted, cast the spell, then hold down Shift and choose your target.
3324	Summons energy from the underworld to deal damage to a single enemy. The cry is so terrifying, the enemy will be slowed upon hearing it. If a Blinker is hit with this attack, it will be unable to fly. When you're not mounted, cast the spell, then hold down Shift and choose your target.
3325	Begin the Rumors of Transformation quest by talking to Shamala in Courcle.
3327	When summoned by its owner, the Bone Dragon uses powerful demonic powers to attack nearby enemies. Enemies hit by these demonic powers are stunned for a certain amount of time, and their Defense and Protection are decreased.
3328	Doppelganger
3329	This skill allows you to gather monster souls and turn them into clones to attack your enemies. If you have high Stamina, you can use it to inflict more damage on your enemy by making your doppelgangers more active. You must gather monster souls each time you use this skill.
3330	This skill allows you to gather monster souls and turn them into clones to attack your enemies. If you have high Stamina, you can use it to inflict more damage on your enemy by making your doppelgangers more active. You must gather monster souls each time you use this skill.
3336	Shockwave
3363	Spider Shot
3364	Combo: Counter Punch
3366	Use Stage 1 Combo skill to attack an enemy's weak spot quickly when the enemy tries to attack you. Damage will decrease as time goes if you are in the preparation status. Use the skill quickly and precisely to get the greatest result. Remember that you must counter the opponent's attack successfully within 3 seconds of preparing the skill in order to use the Stage 2 Combo skill in succession.
3368	Use Stage 1 Combo skill to attack an enemy's weak spot quickly when the enemy tries to attack you. Damage will decrease as time goes if you are in the preparation status. Use the skill quickly and precisely to get the greatest result. Remember that you must counter the opponent's attack successfully within 3 seconds of preparing the skill in order to use the Stage 2 Combo skill in succession.
3369	Complete the [Entrapping Webs] quest after reaching Apprentice Trapper.
3371	Complete the [Learn Counter Punch] quest after reaching Apprentice Brawler.
3372	Complete the [Learn Shockwave] quest after reaching Apprentice Sage.
3373	Restful Wind
3374	An enchanted wind blows when the Nimbus is summoned. Nearby party members are healed and nearby enemies are put to sleep.
3375	An enchanted wind blows when the Nimbus is summoned. Nearby party members are healed and nearby enemies are put to sleep.
3376	A spell that strikes the surrounding areas with bolts of lightning and blows all of the nearby enemies away. Must be equipped with a Wand or a Staff to use it. You need to recharge your MP to create bolts of lightning. However, there's also a chance to charge the skill when you get hit by a physical attack.
3377	A spell that strikes the surrounding areas with bolts of lightning and blows all of the nearby enemies away. Must be equipped with a Wand or a Staff to use it. You need to recharge your MP to create bolts of lightning. However, there's also a chance to charge the skill when you get hit by a physical attack.
3380	Sets a Spider Trap in the shape of a spider web. It will tangle up enemies, immobilizing them. The trap will break after a short time or if it's damaged. Hit the trapped enemy with a ranged attack right away for greater Critical Damage. Must be equipped with a Bow or a Crossbow to use the skill.
3381	Sets a Spider Trap in the shape of a spider web. It will tangle up enemies, immobilizing them. The trap will break after a short time or if it's damaged. Hit the trapped enemy with a ranged attack right away for greater Critical Damage. Must be equipped with a Bow or a Crossbow to use the skill.
3382	Berserk
3383	You will become a furious Slayer, impervious to pain, for a short period of time. You will take more damage, but also be immune to knockdown, stun, freezing, petrification, and poisoning. Increases Max Damage.
3384	You will become a furious Slayer, impervious to pain, for a short period of time. You will take more damage, but also be immune to knockdown, stun, freezing, petrification, and poisoning. Increases Max Damage.
3385	Complete the [Muscle Stimulant] quest after reaching Apprentice Slayer.
3386	Complete the [Alter Ego] quest after reaching Apprentice Vagabond.
3387	Potion Enhancement
3388	Study: Potion Lore
3389	People have been experimenting with Fragmentation and Synthesis of potions to find a way to take advantage of Potion Poisoning effects. You will have less chance to be poisoned when you use a potion. Also, Recovery Potions will have a chance to be much more effective.
3390	People have been experimenting with Fragmentation and Synthesis of potions to find a way to take advantage of Potion Poisoning effects. You will have less chance to be poisoned when you use a potion. Also, Recovery Potions will have a chance to be much more effective.
3391	Complete the [On Potions and Poisoning] quest after reaching Apprentice Researcher.
3394	Snow Bomb
3395	Attack with a massive Snowball.
3396	Makes a massive Snowball and throws it. Creates a huge shockwave when it hits the ground.
3397	Range
3398	Min Damage
3399	Max Damage
3400	Dual Gun Mastery
3401	Flash Launcher
3402	Grapple Shot
3406	Reload
3407	Way of the Gun
3409	Hillwen Engineering
3410	Bullet Use
3413	Magic Craft
3414	Rare Mineralogy
3415	Shyllien Ecology
3417	Duration
3419	Equip [Dual Guns]. Dual Guns can be purchased from Engineers.
3420	Proceed with the [Dual Gun Basics] quest. You can start the [Dual Gun Basics] quest when you have [Dual Guns] equipped.
3421	Learn [Dual Gun Mastery] or [Flash Launcher] skill up to Rank C.
3422	Learn [Dual Gun Mastery] or [Flash Launcher] skill up to Rank C.
3423	Learn the [Grapple Shot] or [Bullet Slide] skill up to rank B.
3424	Learn the [Grapple Shot] or [Bullet Slide] skill up to rank B.
3425	Equip [Dual Guns]. Dual Guns can be purchased from Engineers.
3427	Holy Shower
3428	Holy Shower
3429	Holy Rush
3435	This skill will use all of your remaining Mana Bullets to attack, firing 4 shots per enemy. Load more Mana Bullets to inflict greater damage on more enemies. If you use this skill along with Way of the Gun, you can take on even huge groups.
3436	This skill loads your Dual Guns with new Mana Bullets. You can reload Mana Bullets faster as you become more skilled.
3438	Bullet Slide
3439	Shooting Rush
3440	Bullet Storm
3441	Use the engineering knowledge of the ancient Giants to craft engineering tools and weapons like the Dual Gun.\nYou need an Engineering Rack to use the skill. You can find Engineering Racks in the Hillwen Mine on the northwest side of Vales.
3442	Use the magic knowledge of the ancient Elves to craft magic weapons and accessories like Mana Bullets.\nYou can find Magic Cauldrons in the Shyllien Nature Reserve on the east side of Filia.
3443	Lets you gather and research rare minerals from Hillwen Mine. You need a [Mining Drill] to gather the ore.
3444	Lets you gather and research specimens of animals and plants from the Shyllien Nature Reserve. You will need a [Blasted Oak Wand] to gather plant specimens.
3445	The easiest way to defeat enemies is to attack them from somewhere out of their reach. Thanks to the discovery of Shyllien and Hillwen Mine, you can finally use a skill that will fire Mana Bullets converted from mana. The Dual Gun Mastery skill allows you to condense mana into Mana Bullets and then fire them at range. Master this skill to attack your enemies from a distance. However, you'll be vulnerable to enemy attacks while reloading. Always keep track of your ammo!\nConsumes [2] Mana Bullets
3446	This skill first launches the enemy with a kick, then pounds the full force of a Mana Bullet into the target. The shockwave does considerable damage.\nConsumes [4] Mana Bullets
3447	This skill charges the Mana Bullet with an attractive force that pulls you to the target. Using it on friends and pets won't damage them, so you can use it to play around!\nConsumes [2] Mana Bullets
3448	This skill fires at a target four times while propelling you away. This stylish sliding attack is great for getting you out of danger.\nConsumes [4] Mana Bullets
3449	A combat skill that can knock down all surrounding enemies while charging forward rapidly. This skill is quite destructive, but it can land you in hot water if you're not careful!\nConsumes [8] Mana Bullets
3451	Use an [Engineering Rack].\nYou can easily find an Engineering Rack in the Hillwen Mine on the northwest side of Vales.
3452	Use the [Magic Cauldron].\nYou can find Magic Cauldrons in the Shyllien Nature Reserve on the east side of Filia.
3453	Purchase a [Mining Drill] from the grandmaster engineer at Hillwen Mine and equip it.
3454	Purchase a [Blasted Oak Wand] from the grandmaster botanist at Shyllien Nature Reserve and equip it.
3456	Damage Per Shot
3457	Damage
3458	Damage
3459	Damage
3460	Damage
3461	Attack Spread
3462	Attack Spread
3463	Attack Speed
3464	Attack Range
3465	Attack Range
3466	A Marionette skill that drags nearby enemies closer to your puppet. This part of the performance is the moment of crisis for the hero, when all hope is lost and she must draw upon her innermost strength.
3467	Allows for bursts of speed while flying in a straight line. This method of flight uses less Stamina, as well.
3468	A light that shines down from the heavens when the Pegasus is summoned. This holy light inflicts damage on nearby enemies while undoing the following effects on the player: Ice, Burn, Petrification, and Poison.
3469	Releases a burst of holy energy from the Pegasus. Ideal for use against groups of enemies. When you're not mounted, cast the spell, then hold down Shift and choose your target to activate.
3470	Allows for bursts of speed while flying in a straight line. This method of flight uses less Stamina, as well.
3471	A light that shines down from the heavens when the Pegasus is summoned. This holy light inflicts damage on nearby enemies while undoing the following effects on the player: Ice, Burn, Petrification, and Poison.
3472	Releases a burst of holy energy from the Pegasus. Ideal for use against groups of enemies. When you're not mounted, cast the spell, then hold down Shift and choose your target to activate.
3473	Max Damage
3474	Max Targets
3475	By focusing all of your energy into your Mana Bullets, this skill draws out the full potential of Dual Guns. While the Way of the Gun skill is active, you will have unlimited Mana Bullets, all Dual Gun skill cooldowns will be reset, and all Dual Gun attacks will be Critical hits.
3476	Learn the [Grapple Shot] or [Bullet Slide] skill up to rank B.
3477	Spread Wings
3478	This skill lets you spread your wings.
3479	This skill lets you spread your wings.
3480	Damage increase with Master title
3481	By focusing all of your energy into your Mana Bullets, this skill draws out the full potential of Dual Guns. While the Way of the Gun skill is active, you will have unlimited Mana Bullets, all Dual Gun skill cooldowns will be reset, and all Dual Gun attacks will be Critical hits. This will empty your guns of Mana Bullets, though.
3482	Heavy Armor Mastery
3483	Light Armor Mastery
3484	Shield Mastery
3554	Life Drain
3555	Water Cannon
3556	Barrier Spikes
3557	Wind Blast
3558	Flame Burst
3559	Sand Burst
3560	Rain Casting
3561	Frozen Blast
3562	Shock
3563	Heat Buster
3564	Chain Cylinder
3565	A skill that fires a powerful stream of water from the Cylinder using Water Crystals. The high-speed blast deals significant damage and knocks down nearby opponents. Opponents further away will only take minor damage and won't be knocked down. You can load up to 5 crystals at a time, which can be fired all at once if necessary. Damage increases with more MP. (Material: 1 Water Crystal)
3566	Allows you to reload the Cylinder quicker, as well as build more charges for the next Flame Burst/Water Cannon skill.
3567	A skill perfect for recovery during battle. It can quickly restore your HP while dealing lethal damage to your opponent. Using this skill can greatly enhance your Alchemy knowledge. Damage increases with lower HP. (Material: 2 Wind Crystals, 1 Fire Crystal, 1 Water Crystal, 1 Earth Crystal)
3568	A skill that fires a powerful stream of water from the Cylinder using Water Crystals. The high-speed blast deals significant damage and knocks down nearby opponents. Opponents further away will only take minor damage and won't be knocked down. You can load up to 5 crystals at a time, which can be fired all at once if necessary. Damage increases with more MP. (Material: 1 Water Crystal)
3569	A skill that uses alchemy to create defensive spikes. At higher ranks, you can attack across your own Barrier Spikes. This is a good skill for managing large groups of enemies or protecting an ally. Damage increases with higher HP. (Material: 5 Earth Crystals)
3570	A skill that lets loose a blast of wind from the Cylinder using Wind Crystals. It does little damage but can knock down opponents from far away. The closer the opponent is, the greater the impact. Damage increases with higher Stamina. (Material: 1 Wind Crystal)
3571	Launches a wall of flames from the Cylinder using Fire Crystals. The flames last for a short time, but long enough to hit nearby enemies multiple times. Up to five Fire Crystals can be fired at once to intensify the flames. Damage increases with higher HP. (Material: 1 Fire Crystal)
3572	A skill that peppers enemies with sand from Earth Crystals loaded into the cylinder. This attack frequently blinds the opponent, briefly preventing an adequate counter. Even the most powerful enemies can be blinded if you have an advanced rank. Damage increases with higher Stamina. (Material: 1 Earth Crystal)
3573	Uses a combination of crystals to create a vapor cloud. (Material: 3 Water Crystals, 1 Wind Crystal, 1 Earth Crystal)
3574	Creates a freezing snowstorm by firing a Blizzard Crystal from the Cylinder. Frozen enemies cannot move and take greater damage from physical attacks.
3575	Creates a freezing snowstorm by firing crystals from the Cylinder. Frozen enemies cannot move and take greater damage from physical attacks. Damage increases with higher Stamina. (Material: 2 Water Crystals, 1 Wind Crystal)
3576	A skill that generates powerful electricity using Wind Crystals from the Cylinder. When active, a glowing shield will form around your body. You will still be able to move and use other skills. Nearby enemies may become stunned or electrocuted, and you will not take any damage. Damage increases with higher MP. (Material: 2 Wind Crystals, 1 Fire Crystal)
3577	Fires a pressurized Fire Crystal from the Cylinder. This skill can only be used after pressure has been generated by other Alchemy skills. Damage increases with higher Stamina. (Material: 5 Fire Crystals)
3578	Allows you to reload the Cylinder quicker, as well as build more charges for the next Flame Burst/Water Cannon skill.
3579	Do the [Scouting Mission] mission during the G9 Storyline.
3580	Purchase a [Water Crystal] from [Eabha] in Taillteann and then reconnect.
3581	Do the [Alchemist Seal] mission during the G9 Storyline.
3582	Talk to [Eabha] in Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword.
3583	Advance [Water Cannon] and [Wind Blast] to Rank D or higher and then talk to [Eabha] at Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword. Then, do the [Flaming Fire Crystal] quest.
3584	Talk to [Lucas] in Emain Macha with the [Skills] keyword and then do the [Blindness] quest.
3585	Acquired during the [Rain Maker, Irinid] quests when going through the G10 Storyline.
3586	When [Water Cannon] is Rank A or higher and you've already learned the [Synthesis] skill, talk to [Dorren] in Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword and then go through the [Calming the Snow Storm] quest.
3587	During the G11 Storyline, do the [Ancient Alchemy] mission.
3588	During the G12 Storyline, go through the [Underground Waterway Investigation] quest.
3589	Get it randomly while using [Water Cannon], [Flame Burst], and [Sand Burst] with multiple charges.
3590	Minimum Blindness Duration
3591	Cloud Duration
3592	Effect Duration
3593	Life Absorbed
3594	Maximum Blindness Duration
3595	Cloud Range
3596	Blindness Enhancement
3597	Min Damage
3598	Attack Range
3599	Range
3600	Max HP
3601	Water Cannon Damage
3602	Max Damage
3603	Damage
3604	Attack Monster Damage
3605	Stun Duration
3606	Range
3607	Min Damage
3608	Min Damage
3609	Monster Stun Duration
3610	Max Damage
3611	Max Damage
3612	Cooldown Decreased
3613	Min Damage
3614	Min Damage
3616	Max Damage
3617	Max Damage
3619	Range
3620	Duration
3621	Duration
3622	Duration
3623	The Shield Mastery skill improves the effectiveness of Shields. The more you train the skill, the better your Shield defense skills will be. An experienced Shield user will be able to block enemy attacks instinctively. The Shield Mastery skill will be much more effective for larger shields.
3624	The Heavy Armor Mastery skill improves the effectiveness of Heavy Armors. The more you train the skill, the more efficient the equipped Heavy Armor will be. This skill can cause enemy attacks to bounce off your armor, leaving them open to attack. However, Heavy Armor reduces your DEX greatly.
3625	The Light Armor Mastery skill improves the effectiveness of Light Armors. The more you train the skill, the more Defense your Light Armor will provide.
3626	Equip a [Shield].
3627	Equip [Heavy Armor].
3628	Equip [Light Armor].
3629	An innovative alchemy skill that creates Golems by binding and animating stones. This ancient skill, developed by Fomor Alchemists, has only recently been adapted for widespread use. It is an art many times more complex than controlling a Golem. (Material: 5 Earth Crystals, 5 Fire Crystals, 5 Water Crystals, 5 Wind Crystals)
3630	Summon Golem
3631	A skill that fires a powerful stream of water from the Cylinder using Water Crystals. The high-speed blast deals significant damage and knocks down nearby opponents. Opponents further away will only take minor damage and won't be knocked down. You can load up to 5 crystals at a time, which can be fired all at once if necessary.
3632	An innovative Alchemy skill that can create Golems by binding and animating stones. This ancient skill, developed by Fomor Alchemists, has only recently been adapted for widespread use. This process is many times more complex than controlling a Golem.
3633	Read [Alchemy and Battling], which is sold by [Dorren] in Taillteann.
3634	Max Golem HP
3635	Golem Damage
3636	Golem DEF
3637	Golem Protection
3638	Golem Summon Duration
3639	Spellwalk
3641	Meteor Strike
3642	Snap Cast
3643	A powerful magic spell that summons a huge meteor from the sky, turning  a vast area into a blazing inferno. The point of impact becomes covered with lava temporarily, inflicting constant fire damage on enemies in it.
3644	A skill that allows you to cast all kinds of magic spells except Advanced Magic skills while moving. A great deal of Stamina will be consumed to stay focused, as well as additional MP.
3645	This skill allows you to use chargeable magic skills instantly without casting time or charging them. It will be activated only once during the skill's duration. When activated, you can immediately use a chargeable skill at the 5 charge level without consuming any MP. A magic skill's cooldown will decrease little by little whenever you use it to attack an enemy, so you can re-use this skill more quickly if you use it repeatedly.
3646	Go through the [Ultimate Fire] quest, obtained when the [Fireball] skill is at Rank 1 or higher.
3647	Go through the [Beauty in Concentration] quest, obtained when the [Mediation] skill is at Rank 9 or higher and the [Magic Mastery] is at Rank 1 or higher.
3649	Song
3653	Use Item to Share EXP
3654	Select a character to share EXP with.
3655	Magic Weapon Mastery
3656	This skill improves the effectiveness of Magic Weapons. The more you train the skill, the more powerful your bolt magic will become with a Magic Weapon. This will also decrease the casting time for Fireball, Ice Spear, and Thunder magics.
3657	Equip a [Wand] or a [Staff].
3658	Burnout
3661	Chorus
3662	Encore
3663	This skill resets Music skill cooldowns. The Encore skill's cooldown will decrease as the skill's rank rises.
3664	'Bravo! Bravo!' The audience's endless applause resonates even after the curtain falls. The bard who is on his way out comes back to the stage as if lured by some mysterious force. Then, he holds up his instruments and waits for the curtain to rise again. The bard starts playing once more, to the delight of the crowd.
3665	Decreases the skill's cooldown (sec)
3666	The enchanted engine causes a destructive Burnout around the Scooter when summoned. Enemies hit by the attack will be temporarily shocked.
3667	The enchanted engine causes a destructive Burnout around the Scooter when summoned. Enemies hit by the attack will be temporarily shocked.
3668	The most beautiful form of music that can be played is a song. Songs can give someone the courage to live on...but they can also inspire great terror. Once you learn how to sing, you will realize that songs give you incredible power over others.
3669	Song Success Rate
3670	Effect
3671	Music Buff Effect
3672	Blaze
3673	Concentrates pure energy into your Magic Weapon and then fires it at an enemy. A strong physique is needed to physically throw the collected energy. Stunned enemies will lose balance and take major damage. Concentrate your MP while pressing a hotkey or the mouse button. Once you release it, your magical power will explode.
3674	Concentrates pure energy into your Magic Weapon and then fires it at an enemy. A strong physique is needed to physically throw the collected energy. Stunned enemies will lose balance and take major damage. Concentrate your MP while pressing a hotkey or the mouse button. Once you release it, your magical power will explode.
3675	Advance [Combat Mastery] and [Magic Mastery] to Rank C or higher and then talk to [Berched] in Taillteann with the [Skills] keyword. Then, go through the [Learn Blaze] quest.
3676	Explosion Damage
3677	Explosion Radius
3678	Damage
3679	If you are aware of this action, then you may hold a Music Jam Band. When a fellow party member uses this action, the party members will sing a song instead of playing instruments. When the party leader uses either Chorus or Jam Session, the playing will begin. This action is only available to those with Rank C or above in Song and Musical Knowledge.
3680	If you are aware of this action, then you may hold a Music Jam Band. When a fellow party member uses this action, the party members will sing a song instead of playing instruments. When the party leader uses either Chorus or Jam Session, the playing will begin. This action is only available to those with Rank C or above in Song and Musical Knowledge.
3681	You have a low chance of obtaining it when you charge and use [Bolt Magic], [Fireball], [Ice Spear], and [Thunder] multiple times.
3682	Has a chance to be obtained if you use the [Playing Instrument] skill.
3683	Equip either a [Standing Microphone] or a [Wireless Microphone].
3686	Uses a random number to play a song.
3687	Uses a random number to play a song.
3688	Random Range
3689	Random Range
3690	Fantastic Chorus
3691	If you listen to truly marvelous music, you will often hear a chorus in your head...even when a song doesn't have any chorus! Many hypotheses have been proposed to explain this strange phenomenon, but the most widely accepted theory is that a spirit or a demon that is highly touched by the song is what sings the chorus. Believe it or not, anyone who hears a chorus will experience certain effects.
3692	Complete the [Fantastic Melodies] quest obtained when you reach Rank 5 in [Playing Instrument] and [Song].
3693	Inflate Balloon
3694	A special action just for the Club Balloon event. Use this to blow up any deflated balloons you find, then equip it or give it to your club!
3695	A special action just for the Club Balloon event. Use this to blow up any deflated balloons you find, then equip it or give it to your club!
3696	Group Gesture
3697	A special action that can be used when all party members equip the same special gear. If the party leader uses the action while everybody has the right equipment, the entire party will do the gesture.
3698	A special action that can be used when all party members equip the same special gear. If the party leader uses the action while everybody has the right equipment, the entire party will do the gesture.
3731	Elemental Wave
3732	Golden Time
3733	Hydra Transmutation
3734	A skill that enhances Alchemy by using Elixirs to make the chosen element volatile. The elemental energy you use will be completely drained even if you use the skill only once. (Skills that can be enhanced: Heat Buster, Frozen Blast, Summon Golem, Shock, Life Drain)
3735	A skill that amplifies the energies of the four classical elements by manipulating time. The energies will be amplified temporarily, so you must use Elemental Blow within the given period of time.
3736	Lethal Venom from the Underground
3737	Chance to get when using Chain Cylinder
3738	You have a low chance of getting it when you use [Elemental Wave] at Rank A or above.
3739	Complete the [Darkness Transmutation] obtained when the [Guard Cylinder Mastery] skill is at Rank F or above.
3740	Additional Damage\n(Heat Buster)
3741	Skill Duration
3742	Summon Race ID
3743	Required Overheating\n(Heat Buster)
3744	Cooldown
3745	Damage Cycle (ms)
3746	Additional Damage\n(Shock)
3747	Effect Duration
3748	Additional Range\n(Shock)
3749	Radius
3750	Additional Angle of Fire\n(Frozen Blast)
3751	Min Damage
3752	Golem Race ID
3753	Max Damage
3754	Golem HP
3755	Enemies Hit
3756	Golem DEF
3757	Magic Defense Reduction
3758	Golem Protection
3759	Magic Protection Reduction
3760	Golem Damage
3761	Additional Damage\n(Life Drain)
3762	Additional Recovery\n(Life Drain)
3763	Guard Cylinder Mastery
3764	This skill increases the efficiency and Criticals of every Alchemy skill when you are equipped with both a Cylinder and a Guard Cylinder. It won't be as effective if you equip only a Guard Cylinder.
3765	Equip a [Guard Cylinder], which is sold by [Eabha] in Taillteann.
3766	Min Alchemy Attack Damage
3767	Max Alchemy Attack Damage
3768	Min/Max Damage Decreases (%)
3769	Increases Critical \n(Values)
3770	Touch Sand
3771	Exploration Mastery
3772	Artifact Investigation
3773	Crisis Escape
3774	Humans have always desired to unmask the unknown in the hopes of finding the true meaning of life. As such, Exploration is the purest of all human pursuits. It is the perfect blend of danger and beauty, where adventure is assured and knowledge is its own reward. 
3775	Exploration has been a part of our lives since our ancestors first dared to fight the darkness with fire. And it is with that exploratory spirit that we delve into our own past. We must use Artifact Investigation to see what the ancients saw, and to know more about ourselves.
3776	Danger and exploration go hand in hand. We must know how to escape danger so that we can face it more regularly. It is Crisis Escape that gives us the courage to dive into danger, and the will to get out of it.
3777	Humans have always desired to unmask the unknown in the hopes of finding the true meaning of life. As such, Exploration is the purest of all human pursuits. It is the perfect blend of danger and beauty, where adventure is assured and knowledge is its own reward.
3778	Exploration has been a part of our lives since our ancestors first dared to fight the darkness with fire. And it is with that exploratory spirit that we delve into our own past. We must use Artifact Investigation to see what the ancients saw, and to know more about ourselves.
3779	Danger and exploration go hand in hand. We must know how to escape danger so that we can face it more regularly. It is Crisis Escape that gives us the courage to dive into danger, and the will to get out of it.
3780	Equip an [L-Rod].
3781	Complete quest [Artifact Investigator] after reaching Exploration Mastery Rank F.
3782	Has a chance to be obtained if you use the [Evasion] skill.
3783	Abyss Snare
3784	Abyss Judgment
3785	Abyss Terror
3786	Duke's Kiss
3787	Duke's Rose
3788	Duke's Mist
3789	Duke's Temptation
3790	Tasting
3791	Ingredient Hunting
3792	Catering
3793	Cooking is a harmonious science, where ratios and formulas combine to make something of exquisite beauty. When prepared with a steady hand and a patient mind, food has the ability to move hearts and give strength. Tasting will improve the effects of food you eat.
3794	Rare cuisines depend on hard-to-find ingredients from the wild and beyond. But you must be able to recognize a quality ingredient to pick it out from the chaff! The art of Ingredient Hunting will make these easier to spot, and gives you an eye for good leather as a bonus!
3795	The true joy of cooking is sharing your dishes with others. Catering allows you to prepare food in larger quantities, so that you and your guests can dine together. The more people you have, the better your banquets will be.
3796	Equip one of the following: Cooking Knife, Ladle, Rolling Pin, Cooking Table, or Cooking Pot.
3797	Complete quest [An Eye for Ingredients] after reaching Tasting Rank F.
3798	Has a chance to be obtained if you use the [Cooking] skill.
3799	Food Effect Boost
3800	Food Ingredient Drop ID
3801	Food Synthesis Count
3802	Kitchen Dungeon Clear Reward Quality Boost
3803	Leather Drop ID
3804	Installment duration after creating a Catering Dish
3805	Cooking Production EXP Boost
3806	Effect duration after consuming a Catering Dish
3807	Trembling Effect Reduction
3808	Ingredient Drop Rate Boost
3809	Leather Drop Rate Boost
3810	Catering ID
3816	Yui Strike
3817	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Yui's help to escape danger!
3818	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Yui's help to escape danger!
3819	Cooldown
3820	Range
3821	Outfit Action
3822	The outfit's action can be toggled on and off.
3823	The outfit's action can be toggled on and off.
3824	Complete Hidden Resurrection Skill
3825	Hidden skill used when reviving with a Resurrection Feather. Recovers HP, Stamina, MP, and injury completely upon revival.
3826	Treasure Dungeon Exploration
3827	Yui Strike
3828	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Yui's help to escape danger!
3829	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Yui's help to escape danger!
3832	Yui's Support Defense
3833	Yui is protecting you. Take courage and step forward.
3834	Yui is protecting you. Take courage and step forward.
3838	Yui Strike
3839	Yui's Support Defense
3840	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Yui's help to escape danger!
3841	Yui is protecting you. Take courage and step forward.
3842	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Yui's help to escape danger!
3843	Yui is protecting you. Take courage and step forward.
3844	Damage
3845	Cooldown
3846	Range
3855	Bolt Out of the Blue
3856	Spooky Sounds
3857	Titan Kick
3858	Titan Bump
3859	Titan Leap
3860	Titan Regeneration
3861	Beast Roar
3862	Dance Time
3863	Cobweb
3864	Holy Rampage
3874	Song
3875	The most beautiful form of music that can be played is a song. Songs can give someone the courage to live on...but they can also inspire great terror. Once you learn how to sing, you will realize that songs give you incredible power over others.
3876	Equip either a [Standing Microphone] or a [Wireless Microphone].
3877	Effect
3878	Music Buff Effect
3879	Song Success Rate
3880	Male Voice Instrument Number
3881	Female Voice Instrument Number
3882	Hop In
3883	Hop Spin
3884	Hop Shield
3885	While summoning a vampire, you can channel power into your prayer beads and throw them to draw nearby enemies. Anything hit by this attack will be stunned for a short time.
3886	Order your vampire to circle you, barrelling into enemies with its tough body and doing major damage. Ends after hitting a certain number of enemies.
3887	Borrows the undead powers of your vampire to reflect some damage taken back on your enemies. The damage reflected cannot be more than your max HP.
3888	While summoning a vampire, you can channel power into your prayer beads and throw them to draw nearby enemies. Anything hit by this attack will be stunned for a short time.
3889	Order your vampire to circle you, barrelling into enemies with its tough body and doing major damage. Ends after hitting a certain number of enemies.
3890	Borrows the undead powers of your vampire to reflect some damage taken back on your enemies. The damage reflected cannot be more than your max HP.
3891	Book Shelving
3892	Song
3893	The most beautiful form of music that can be played is a song. Songs can give someone the courage to live on...but they can also inspire great terror. Once you learn how to sing, you will realize that songs give you incredible power over others.
3894	Equip either a [Standing Microphone] or a [Wireless Microphone].
3895	Effect
3896	Music Buff Effect
3897	Song Success Rate
3898	Male Voice Instrument Number
3899	Female Voice Instrument Number
3900	Hop Spin
3901	Bolt Out of the Blue
3902	A beast's roar that gives your Strength, ATT, and Movement Speed a temporary boost.
3903	Dancing madly will give your ATT, Defense, and Protection a temporary boost.
3904	Spiderwebs that temporarily disable enemy movement.
3905	Holy Rampage wipes out nearby enemies and replenishes your HP and MP.
3906	A beast's roar that gives your Strength, ATT, and Movement Speed a temporary boost.
3907	Dancing madly will give your ATT, Defense, and Protection a temporary boost.
3908	Spiderwebs that temporarily disable enemy movement.
3909	Holy Rampage wipes out nearby enemies and replenishes your HP and MP.
3910	Use the thunderbolt that Belisha summoned to blow away all nearby enemies. You can use it once every 5 minutes.
3911	Use the thunderbolt that Belisha summoned to blow away all nearby enemies. You can use it once every 5 minutes.
3912	유이의 방어지원
3913	유이가 나를 지켜주고 있다. 용기를 내어 앞으로 나아가자.
3914	유이가 나를 지켜주고 있다. 용기를 내어 앞으로 나아가자.
3915	파이어볼 대미지 감소율
3916	아이스 볼트 대미지 최소 감소율
3917	아이스 볼트 대미지 최대 감소율
3918	라이트닝볼트 대미지 감소율
3919	썬더 대미지 감소율
3920	원거리 공격 대미지 감소율
3921	지속시간
3922	Freeze! Stop Right There!
3923	Range
3924	Stun Time
3925	Casting Time
3926	Cooldown
3927	Max Attack Targets
3928	Applied Range
3929	Projectile Speed
3930	Throws a Toy Hammer that will stun the enemy for a short time.
3931	1st Couples Flight
3932	2nd Couples Flight
3933	A skill received when you formed a bond with your special someone. The magic powder, of unknown origin, will make your body as light as air, and let you take to the skies around Doki Doki Island. Fly whenever you want!\nYou can right-click on others and request that they Fly Together with you. This will be a romantic flight, where the two of you hold hands. 
3934	A skill received when you formed a bond with your special someone. The magic powder, of unknown origin, will make your body as light as air, and let you take to the skies around Doki Doki Island. Fly whenever you want!\nYou can right-click on others and request that they Fly Together with you. \nCan only be used on Doki Doki Island.
3936	Hot-Air Balloon Crossbow Shot (mini game)
3937	Truck to the Head
3938	It's not the most graceful maneuver, but the impact of a truck dropping from the sky will send a shockwave that temporarily stuns enemies.
3939	It's not the most graceful maneuver, but the impact of a truck dropping from the sky will send a shockwave that temporarily stuns enemies.
3940	Wyvern Ice Breath (mini game)
3941	Couples Flight
3942	Flight
3943	A skill received when you formed a bond with your special someone. The magic powder, of unknown origin, will make your body as light as air, and let you take to the skies around Erinn. Fly whenever you want!\nYou can also right-click on others and request that they Fly Together with you. This will be a romantic flight, where the two of you hold hands.
3944	A skill received when you formed a bond with your special someone. The magic powder, of unknown origin, will make your body as light as air, and let you take to the skies around Doki Doki Island. Fly whenever you want!\nYou can also right-click on others and request that they Fly Together with you. \nCan only be used on Doki Doki Island.
3954	Shuriken Mastery
3955	Spiral Slash
3956	Chaos Kunai
3957	Shadow Bind
3958	Ambush
3959	Earthshaker
3960	Choking Dust
3961	Sakura Arts
3972	The shuriken is an ancient weapon from a far off land. It requires nimble hands and a great deal of skill to wield effectively. Shuriken Mastery will allow you to master this secret weapon.
3973	This technique is based on gathering your internal energies and channeling them into the shuriken. The longer you concentrate, the stronger the attack will be.
3974	This skill was designed for large groups of enemies. When surrounded, leap into the air and rain down a flurry of hidden kunais to puncture anything in range.
3975	This ancient technique binds enemies to their own shadow, effectively pinning them in place. You can attack during this skill, but your own movement will be restricted.
3976	This technique allows you to disappear by harnessing your own shadow. Your movement speed will increase while in hiding, and returning to normal will produce a huge gust of wind that can damage a nearby enemy.
3977	This old ninja trick involves attaching a small proximity explosive to a kunai and planting it for an unsuspecting enemy. The explosion will trigger when they get close, decreasing their movement speed for a short time.
3978	This smoke shell is filled with a foul mixture of powders that decrease enemy defense and increase the damage of your next attack.
3979	This technique channels a great deal of chi to damage nearby enemies. With enough time, the damage and area of effect can be very impressive.
3981	The shuriken is an ancient weapon from a far off land. It requires nimble hands and a great deal of skill to wield effectively. Shuriken Mastery will allow you to master this secret weapon.
3982	This technique is based on gathering your internal energies and channeling them into the shuriken. The longer you concentrate, the stronger the attack will be.
3983	This skill was designed for large groups of enemies. When surrounded, leap into the air and rain down a flurry of hidden kunais to puncture anything in range.
3984	This ancient technique binds enemies to their own shadow, effectively pinning them in place. You can attack during this skill, but your own movement will be restricted.
3985	This technique allows you to disappear by harnessing your own shadow. Your movement speed will increase while in hiding, and returning to normal will produce a huge gust of wind that can damage a nearby enemy.
3986	This old ninja trick involves attaching a small proximity explosive to a kunai and planting it for an unsuspecting enemy. The explosion will trigger when they get close, decreasing their movement speed for a short time.
3987	This smoke shell is filled with a foul mixture of powders that decrease enemy defense and increase the damage of your next attack.
3988	This technique channels a great deal of chi to damage nearby enemies. With enough time, the damage and area of effect can be very impressive.
3989	Vertical Spin Attack
3990	Horizontal Spin Attack
3991	Attack Angle
3992	Attack Direction Reach
3993	Attack Radius 1
3995	Attack Radius 2
3997	Attack Radius 3
4000	Damage (%)
4001	Damage (%)
4002	Increases Min Damage
4003	Skill Range
4004	Skill Range
4005	Skill Range
4006	Increases Movement Speed
4007	Explosive Damage
4008	Skill Range
4009	Skill Damage
4010	Increases Max Damage
4011	Single Damage
4012	Attack Range
4013	Target Count
4014	Tornado Damage
4015	Enemy Movement Speed Decrease
4016	Smoke Range
4017	Charge Time
4018	Skill Range
4019	Splash Damage
4020	Damage
4021	Duration
4022	Enemy Movement Speed Debuff Duration
4023	Defense Reduction
4024	Cooldown
4025	Splash Range
4026	Duration
4027	Damage Increase
4028	Full Charge Time
4029	Quantity
4030	Duration
4031	Range
4032	Dian Stab
4033	Dian Stomp
4034	Dian Trap
4035	Attack Angle
4036	Target Distance (circle radius)
4037	Range
4038	Damage (%)
4039	Damage (%)
4040	Blow Away Damage (%)
4041	Max Attack Range Angle
4042	Range
4043	Explosion Damage (%)
4044	Range
4045	Casting Time \nms
4046	Explosion Range
4047	Preparation Time\nms
4048	Max Attack Range Angle
4049	Casting Time\nms
4050	Attack Area Radius Distance
4051	Preparation Time 1\nms
4052	Preparation Time 2\nms
4053	Casting Time \nms
4054	Shuriken Mastery
4055	Shuriken Charge
4056	Kunai Storm
4057	Shadow Bind
4058	Shadow Cloak
4059	Explosive Kunai
4060	Smokescreen
4061	Sakura Abyss
4062	The shuriken is an ancient weapon from a far off land. It requires nimble hands and a great deal of skill to wield effectively. Shuriken Mastery will allow you to master this secret weapon.
4063	This technique is based on gathering your internal energies and channeling them into the shuriken. The longer you concentrate, the stronger and more widespread the attack will be.
4064	This skill was designed for large groups of enemies. When surrounded, leap into the air and rain down a flurry of hidden kunais to puncture anything in range.
4065	This ancient technique binds enemies to their own shadow, effectively pinning them in place. You can attack during this skill, but your own movement will be restricted.
4066	This technique allows you to disappear by harnessing your own shadow. Your movement speed will increase while in hiding, and returning to normal will produce a huge gust of wind that can damage a nearby enemy.
4067	This old ninja trick involves attaching a small proximity explosive to a kunai and planting it for an unsuspecting enemy. The explosion will trigger when they get close, decreasing their movement speed for a short time.
4068	This smoke shell is filled with a foul mixture of powders that decrease enemy defense and increase the damage of your next attack.
4069	This technique channels a great deal of chi to damage nearby enemies. With enough time, the damage and area of effect can be very impressive.
4070	The shuriken is an ancient weapon from a far off land. It requires nimble hands and a great deal of skill to wield effectively. Shuriken Mastery will allow you to master this secret weapon.
4071	This technique is based on gathering your internal energies and channeling them into the shuriken. The longer you concentrate, the stronger and more widespread the attack will be.
4072	This skill was designed for large groups of enemies. When surrounded, leap into the air and rain down a flurry of hidden kunais to puncture anything in range.
4073	This ancient technique binds enemies to their own shadow, effectively pinning them in place. You can attack during this skill, but your own movement will be restricted.
4074	This technique allows you to disappear by harnessing your own shadow. Your movement speed will increase while in hiding, and returning to normal will produce a huge gust of wind that can damage a nearby enemy.
4075	This old ninja trick involves attaching a small proximity explosive to a kunai and planting it for an unsuspecting enemy. The explosion will trigger when they get close, decreasing their movement speed for a short time.
4076	This smoke shell is filled with a foul mixture of powders that decrease enemy defense and increase the damage of your next attack.
4077	This technique channels a great deal of chi to damage nearby enemies. With enough time, the damage and area of effect can be very impressive.
4078	Min Damage
4079	Skill Range
4080	Skill Range
4081	Skill Range
4082	Increases Movement Speed
4083	Explosive damage
4084	Skill Range
4085	Skill Damage
4086	Max Damage
4087	Single Damage
4088	Attack Range
4089	Target Count
4090	Tornado Damage
4091	Enemy Movement Speed Decrease
4092	Smoke Range
4093	Charge Time
4094	Skill Range
4095	Splash Damage
4096	Damage
4097	Duration
4098	Enemy Movement Speed Debuff Duration
4099	Defense Reduction
4100	Cooldown
4101	Splash Range
4102	Duration
4103	Damage Increase
4104	Full Charge Time
4105	Quantity
4106	Duration
4107	Range
4108	Number of Simultaneous Attack Points
4109	Dragon Ruairi Swing
4110	Dragon Ruairi Grab
4111	Dragon Ruairi Rush
4112	Dead Zone Angle
4113	Charge Distance
4114	Charge Range
4115	Attack Reach
4116	Damage (%)
4117	Actual charge range (cm)
4118	Damage (%)
4119	Charge Range (cm)
4121	DoT Damage (%)
4122	X coordinates of the one fixed trap (at boss's starting point)
4123	Y coordinates of the one fixed trap (at boss's starting point)
4131	Damage (%)
4132	Charge duration (ms)
4133	Debuff duration\nms
4134	Time for skill to register and effect to be applied ms
4135	Skill duration ms
4137	Time to determine whether attack lands or not ms
4138	Sleepy Dust
4139	Cleansing Dust
4140	Healing Breeze
4141	Duration
4142	Duration
4143	Attack Range
4144	Attack Range
4145	Equip a [Shuriken].\n\nShuriken can be purchased from the Weapons Shop.
4146	Equip a [Shuriken].\n\nShuriken can be purchased from the Weapons Shop.
4147	Complete quest: First Encounter
4148	Complete quest: First Encounter
4149	Complete quest: Anju's Heart
4150	Complete quest: Anju's Heart
4151	Complete quest: Shuriken Memories
4152	Complete quest: Shuriken Memories
4153	Complete quest: Into the Shadows
4154	Complete quest: Into the Shadows
4155	Complete quest: Explosive Surprise
4156	Complete quest: Explosive Surprise
4157	Complete quest: The Crisis
4158	Complete quest: The Crisis
4159	Complete quest: The Last Training
4160	Complete quest: The Last Training
4161	Duration
4198	Staff Swing
4199	Holy Contagion
4200	Holy Confinement
4201	Fanaticism
4202	Soul Absorption
4203	Mineral Hail
4204	Attack Radius (cm)
4205	Attack Radius (cm)
4206	Attack Radius (cm)
4207	Attack Radius (cm)
4208	Knockback Distance (cm)
4209	Damage to Max HP (%)
4210	Attack Range Angle
4211	Guaranteed Targets
4212	Guaranteed Targets
4213	Number of Attacks Required During Attack Delay
4214	Wait Time Since First Soul Creation (ms)
4215	Time When Bind Ends (ms)
4216	Min Distance of Enemy for Knockback (cm)
4217	Contagion Range & Range Decal Radius (cm)
4218	Damage % of Player's Max HP Per Sec (%)
4219	Player Knockback Distance (cm)
4220	Probability For Soul To Stop When Hit (%)
4221	Time Before Smiting Ends (ms)
4222	Max Distance of Enemy for Knockback (cm)
4223	Damage % of Player's Max HP Per Sec (%)
4224	Condition Duration (ms)
4225	Damage = STR * Var4 (Decimal)
4226	Stop Duration When Soul Is Hit (ms)
4227	Denominator on Equation Of Warding Skill Success
4228	Min Damage = STR * Var5 (Decimal)
4229	Condition Duration (sec)
4230	Wound Damage % on Player's Max HP Per Sec (%)
4231	Injury Rate (%)
4232	Distance Between Soul and Apostle Until Player's Death  (cm)
4233	Min Smiting Enhancement % Until Smiting Time (%)
4234	Max Damage = STR * Var6(Decimal)
4235	Tick Interval Of Giving Contagion to Other Players in Range (Sec)
4236	Mineral Life Value
4237	Movement Speed Buff (%)
4238	Apostle Recovery Amount When In Proximity to Soul (%)
4240	Injury Rate (%)
4241	Wound Damage % on Player's Max HP Per Sec (%)
4242	Strength Buff (%)
4243	Damage On Apostle Until Soul Disappears (Multiplied by Number of Players)
4246	Protection & Magic Protection Buff (%)
4249	Buff Duration (sec)
4254	Strength Debuff (%)
4256	Protection & Magic Protection Debuff (%)
4258	Debuff Duration (sec)
4263	Sprinkles magic powder around to make enemies fall asleep. Continues to slow movement and attack speed even when enemies awake.
4264	Sprinkles magic powder to remove any status effects from the summoner. (Ice, Burn, Petrification, Poison, and etc.)
4265	Calls a magical breeze to vitalize the summoner. Increases HP, MP, and Stamina recovery rate for a short time.
4266	Sprinkles magic powder around to make enemies fall asleep. Continues to slow movement and attack speed even when enemies awake.
4267	Sprinkles magic powder to remove any status effects from the summoner. (Ice, Burn, Petrification, Poison, and etc.)
4268	Calls a magical breeze to vitalize the summoner. Increases HP, MP, and Stamina recovery rate for a short time.
4269	Shield of Trust
4270	Celestial Spike
4271	Judgment Blade
4272	Effective Distance
4273	Number of Targets
4274	Defense Increase
4275	Defense Buff Duration
4276	Divine Defense Increase
4277	Divine Defense Buff Duration
4278	Attack Range
4279	Wide Area Attack Range
4280	DoT Damage Amount
4281	Attack Range Angle
4282	DoT Damage Duration
4283	Damage
4284	Decrease in Movement Speed
4285	Decrease in Apostle Defense
4286	Movement Speed Decrease Duration
4287	Smiting Enhancement effect
4288	Complete the [Lofty Goal] quest in G19 The Divine Knights.
4289	Complete the [Decisive Battle] quest in G19 The Divine Knights.
4290	Complete the [Decisive Battle] quest in G19 The Divine Knights.
4291	Spirit Walking Speed Increase (%)
4292	Mineral Protection
4293	Mineral Magic Protection
4294	You cannot use this skill right now. Proceed through the Storyline first.
4295	You cannot use this skill right now. Proceed through the Storyline first.
4296	You cannot use this skill right now. Proceed through the Storyline first.
4297	This divine power creates shields to protect up to two party members in range. It is most effective against Apostle skills, and can often save lives.
4298	This skill attacks with spikes of divine light. The attack will deal divine damage over time and impede movement speed. It also weakens an Apostle's defense against the Smiting skill.
4299	This skill summons a massive blade of divine damage. It hits all enemies within a straight line. Use it at an appropriate time during your fight with Apostles to deal huge powerful damage.
4300	Knockback Distance (cm)
4301	Max Simultaneous Buffs
4302	Max Simultaneous Debuffs
4303	Casting Movement
4304	Effect Activation Delay
4305	Outfit Action 2
4306	The outfit's action can be toggled on and off.
4307	The outfit's action can be toggled on and off.
4308	Rage Impact
4309	Bash
4310	Defense
4311	Counterattack
4313	When successful, grants the use of the opponent's Attack Rate.
4314	Attack Rate when successful
4315	Defense Rate when successful
4316	Protection upon success
4317	Dual Wield Mastery
4318	Final Hit
4319	Heavy Armor Mastery
4320	Light Armor Mastery
4321	You can't do that right now.
4322	The Final Hit skill envelops you in a battle aura that allows your body to push the limits of physical capability. Attack an enemy while it is active to teleport to their location and begin your assault. Dual wielding while using this skill will allow you to unleash a near-limitless flow of attacks, while attacking with a single weapon will cause your blows to knock the enemy to the ground with each strike.
4323	The Heavy Armor Mastery skill improves the effectiveness of Heavy Armors. The more you train the skill, the more efficient the equipped Heavy Armor will be. This skill can cause enemy attacks to bounce off your armor, leaving them open to attack. However, Heavy Armor reduces your DEX greatly.
4324	The Light Armor Mastery skill improves the effectiveness of Light Armors. The more you train the skill, the more Defense your Light Armor will provide.
4325	With twin swords equipped, talk to [Aodhan] in Emain Macha with the [Skills] keyword and then talk to [Nicca] at the Qilla Base Camp with the [Twin Sword] keyword. Then, go through [The True Purpose of the Twin Sword] quest.
4326	Equip [Heavy Armor].
4327	Equip [Light Armor].
4328	Duration
4329	Cooldown Decreased
4330	Teleport Distance
4331	Min Damage
4332	Max Damage
4333	Wielding two weapons at once requires a high level of attention and dexterity, as well as ambidextrous coordination. Keep training Dual Wield Mastery to use two weapons efficiently and effectively. Note: This skill does not affect weapons that were created as a pair.\n
4334	Equip a weapon in both hands.
4335	Min Damage
4336	Max Damage
4337	Critical
4338	Balance
4339	Down Hit Count
4340	Armor Pierce
4341	Melee Stun Resistance Chance
4342	Long Range Stun Resistance Chance
4343	Magic Stun Resistance Chance
4344	Rage Impact is a powerful support skill that can only be used with a Close Combat weapon equipped.\nThe skill can be used to instantly make a mob of enemies defenseless, much like the Giant's Stomp skill.\nCounterattack must be sufficiently trained before you can learn Rage Impact.\n
4345	Bash can only be used with a Close Combat weapon is equipped.\nSmash and Combat Mastery must be sufficiently trained before you can learn Bash
4346	A warrior must not lose their will to fight, even when surrounded. \nRage Impact unleashes waves of fighting spirit to overwhelm your opponents and give you the opening to take them down.\n
4347	The bash skill supplements the slow attack speed of Smash.\nUse the skill to find weaknesses and chain progressively stronger attacks, but be careful of leaving yourself open.\nOnly expert warriors who have undergone arduous training can use this skill efficiently.\n
4348	Go through the [Learn Rage Impact] quest, obtained when the [Counterattack] skill is at Rank 9 or higher and [Combat Mastery] is at Rank 5 or higher.\n
4349	Go through the [Learn Bash] quest, obtained when the [Smash] skill is at Rank 9 or higher and [Combat Mastery] is at Rank 5 or higher.
4350	Wool of the Gods
4351	Lightning Rod
4352	Inspiration
4353	This skill uses mana to generate a massive blast of electricity. You must be equipped with a staff to use this skill. You can use this skill as soon as you charge it, but you will deal more damage after charging more by pressing the hotkey or mouse button.\n
4354	This skill lets you concentrate to restore some of your MP in a flash. You must be equipped with a staff or a wand to use this skill. Recovery ends if you move or get attacked while using the skill.
4355	This skill uses mana to generate a massive blast of electricity. You must be equipped with a staff to use this skill. You can use this skill as soon as you charge it, but you will deal more damage after charging more by pressing the hotkey or mouse button.
4356	This skill lets you concentrate to restore some of your MP in a flash. You must be equipped with a staff or a wand to use this skill. Recovery ends if you move or get attacked while using the skill.
4357	Complete the [Flash Path] quest that you obtained after learning the Lightning Bolt, Lightning Shield, and Thunder skills.
4358	Ask [Stewart] in Dunbarton about the [Skills] keyword once your [Meditation] skill is Rank E or higher.
4359	Lightning Bolt
4360	This spell releases arrows of lightning. Not much is known about this spell.
4361	Using electricity as the medium, this magic creates a small lightning bolt that penetrates the target. While the lightning hits the target in the blink of an eye, the pain inflicted on the target is prolonged. Lightning bolt can be even more powerful when combined with the spells cast by other casters around you. It can also spread from the main target to other nearby enemies. Repeatedly preparing Lightning Bolt can reinforce such a chain reaction. Enhancement effects will be added to the maximum charge.
4362	Read [Basics of Lightning Magic: Lightning Bolt], which is sold by [Stewart] in Dunbarton and [Lassar] in Tir Chonaill.
4363	Min Damage
4364	Max Damage
4365	Wand Effectiveness
4366	Icebolt
4367	This magic spell releases stinging ice shards. Not much is known about this spell.
4368	Icebolt is an offensive spell with ice properties. It uses mana to focus the moisture in the air on one point, rapidly freezing it. The sharp ice shards created through instant freezing are then successively fired at the enemy. Frozen ice shards can cause as much damage as a well-sharpened blade, and they also generate mana and reduce enemy movement speed. While the casting time is long, an Icebolt that has been prepared can be instantly fired at the enemy. It should be assumed that, when there are ice shards revolving around a caster, they can be fired at anytime. These fearsome Icebolts can hit an archer before he draws the bow string, repeatedly attacking the target before the pain has even had a chance to subside.
4369	Read [Icebolt Spell: Origin and Training], sold by [Stewart] in Dunbarton and [Lassar] in Tir Chonaill.
4370	Min Damage
4371	Max Damage
4372	Hail Storm
4373	When people think of magic, they think of the ability to manipulate weather. This basic skill allows you to create a snow storm, gather ice from that storm, and then unleash that ice upon your enemies. You need to wield a staff to use the skill, but it will allow you to ceaselessly attack nearby enemies.
4374	When people think of magic, they think of the ability to manipulate weather. This basic skill allows you to create a snow storm, gather ice from that storm, and then unleash that ice upon your enemies. You need to wield a staff to use the skill, but it will allow you to ceaselessly attack nearby enemies.
4375	Learn the [Icebolt], [Ice Spear], and [Ice Shield] skills, and then clear the [Ice Travel] quest.
4376	Min Damage
4377	Max Damage
4378	Range
4379	Casting Time
4380	아이템 집기2 (운영자 스킬)
4381	Wand Effectiveness
4382	Alban Ambush Attack
4383	Alban Ice Spray
4384	Alban Arrow Rain
4385	Urgent Shot
4386	A skill to quickly recover when you miss a shot.
4387	Urgent Shot allows you to rapidly recover and fire again after a missed shot. Use it in the split second after a miss to knock back the enemy and increase the aiming speed of your next attack.
4388	Complete the [Creating Opportunity from Crisis] quest after [Support Shot] is Rank B or higher.
4389	Mirage Missile
4390	You can't do that right now.
4391	Damage multiple enemies with a single attack by strapping a Mirage Erg onto your next shot. Enemies hit by Mirage Missile will be stunned as their vision is overtaken by impossible visions, and will take damage for a short time. The damage will also spread to nearby enemies.
4392	Talk to [Castanea] in Filia with the [Skills] keyword, then do the [Mirage Missile] quest.
4393	Min Damage
4394	Max Damage
4395	Effect Duration
4396	Effect Range
4397	Final Shot
4398	Final Shot is a powerful ranged skill that sharpens your senses and lets you fire arrows at extremely high velocity.  It also boosts the aiming speed of your ranged skills and allows you to get hit by arrows without staggering or getting knocked down. By clicking on a nearby location while holding the Shift key, you can also teleport to that location, dodging an enemy that is about to attack.
4399	Talk to [Meles] in Filia with the [Skills] keyword when your [Mirage Missile] skill is at least Rank F, then do the [Hidden Rapid-Fire Technique] quest.
4400	Aiming Speed
4401	Skill Charging Speed
4402	Duration
4403	Cooldown Decreased
4404	Teleport Range
4405	Increased Knock Down Rate
4407	Tail Chase Bomb
4408	Ranald gave you a book of Defense techniques after you ran an errand for him. With the knowledge it contains, you should be able to protect yourself.
4409	Counterattack allows you to turn your opponent's strength against them. This skill will greatly increase your abilities in close-range combat, as you'll be able to reflect almost any attack. The stronger your enemy's attack, the stronger your counterattack becomes. When you're equipped with knuckles, which are usually used by Fighters, you can attack with more agility.
4410	You can protect yourself from any attack of the enemy in close-quarter combat by using this Defense skill. Remember that, while Defense is a way to protect your body, it also lets you retaliate. Successfully defending yourself disrupts the enemy's flow of attacks, opening themselves up to your attack. If you determine that you are on the defensive during a battle due to the one-sided attack of the enemy, you can instantly turn the tide of the battle by using this skill. Don't be discouraged even if your enemy does not lose his flow of attack, but persistently lead him on to spend his energy. After tiring out the enemy, administer a quiet and calm strike. Defense is the most effective preparation for your attacks.
4411	Counterattack allows you to turn your opponent's strength against them. This skill will greatly increase your abilities in close-range combat, as you'll be able to reflect almost any attack. The stronger your enemy's attack, the stronger your counterattack becomes. When you're equipped with knuckles, which are usually used by Fighters, you can attack with more agility.
4412	Excalibur
4413	Song of Tuan
4414	Whisper of Tuan
4415	Grudge of Tuan
4416	Unlimited Blade Works
4417	God Hand: Twelve Labors
4418	King's Treasure
4419	Invisible Air
4420	The Fake Spiral Sword
4421	Spinning Slash
4422	Enuma Elish
4423	Smokescreen
4424	This capsule is full of a foul powder that decreases enemy Defense and Protection, thus increasing the damage of your next attack!
4425	This capsule is full of a foul powder that decreases enemy Defense and Protection, thus increasing the damage of your next attack!
4426	Complete quest [The Crisis].
4427	Skill Range
4428	Smoke Range
4429	Defense Reduction
4430	Damage Increase
4431	Duration
4432	Sakura Abyss
4433	This technique channels a great deal of chi to damage nearby enemies. With enough time, the damage and reach can be extremely high.
4434	This technique channels a great deal of chi to damage nearby enemies. With enough time, the damage and reach can be extremely high.
4435	Complete quest [The Last Training].
4436	Skill Damage
4437	Charge Time
4438	Cooldown
4439	Attack Range
4440	You can hear Tuan whispering in your ears. Increases the duration of you and your party's Music Skills by 3x and grants 2x Music Skill Training EXP.
4441	You can hear Tuan whispering in your ears. Increases the duration of you and your party's Music Skills by 3x and grants 2x Music Skill Training EXP.
4442	Tuan's deep wrath decreases the movement speed of enemies that are within 8 meters of the Spirit of Tuan.
4443	Tuan's deep wrath decreases the movement speed of enemies that are within 8 meters of the Spirit of Tuan.
4444	Saber Strike
4445	Archer Strike
4446	Rin Strike
4447	Illya Strike
4460	Roll the dice 2
4461	It's all about the roll of the dice! Dice are sold at the General Shop.
4462	It's all about the roll of the dice! Dice are sold at the General Shop.
4463	Start the tutorial.
4464	Start the tutorial.
4465	Halo of Torment
4466	Time to determine whether attack lands or not (Unit: ms)
4467	Floor Radius (Effect is proportionate to the size of the floor) (Unit: ms)
4468	Damage percentage that neglects the opponent's defense & protection (Unit: Whole number)
4469	Injury damage percentage of Var3 (Unit: cm)
4470	How far you're blown away when receiving damage (Unit: cm)
4475	Divine Link
4476	You cannot use this skill right now. Proceed through the Storyline first.
4477	This skill links the souls of two beings to share their memories and experiences through communication, and their inner potentials are unleashed to their full capacity. Usually, a special object is required to link souls, but using your pet as the target removes these limitations. The caster and the pet that are linked have their stats increased, and the pet is able to receive the identical amount of EXP when the caster defeats an enemy. Also, the pet's defense and protection are greatly increased and protects the owner by taunting nearby enemies. However, these effects depend on the pet's stats and level as well as the Divine Link rank.
4478	During the Gate of Sanctuary, complete the "Eternal Memories" quest.
4479	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Saber's help!
4480	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Archer's help!
4481	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Rin Tohsaka's help!
4482	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Illyasviel's help!
4483	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Saber's help!
4484	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Archer's help!
4485	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Rin Tohsaka's help!
4486	If you're facing a crisis during battle, get Illyasviel's help!
4487	Magic Defense Bonus
4488	Release Sky Lantern
4489	Release Sky Lantern (Hidden skills)
4491	A special action you can perform during the event. Release a Sky Lantern into the air! It sets the perfect mood when released at night.
4492	A special action you can perform during the event. Release a Sky Lantern into the air! It sets the perfect mood when released at night.
4493	Cold Winter Performance
4494	Requiem
4495	Butterfly Kiss
4496	Pyrosphere
4497	Soul Rift
4498	Queen's Meteor
4499	Necromancy
4500	Phantom's Roar
4501	Solidify
4502	Sweethearts\nFlight
4503	A skill received when you formed a bond with your special sweetie. The magic powder, of unknown origin, will make your body as light as air, and let you take to the skies around Erinn. Fly whenever you want!\nYou can also right-click on others and request that they Fly Together with you. Enjoy the skies with a friend or a sweetie!
4504	Shooting Star
4505	A magic spell that hits enemies with a ball of fire. Further details are unknown.
4506	If a Firebolt is like a bullet, then a Fireball is like a cannonball. Create a ball of fire by rapidly rotating the fire element around the virtual focal point. It flies like a heavy cannonball due to the forces of gravity and inertia.
4507	Oil Squirt
4508	Tiny Jibes
4509	Farewell Surprise
4510	The scooter imp's incessant jibes decrease enemy Protection and Defense, stacking up to 5 times. They also buff the imp's escape skill. Once out of hearing range, enemies regain their composure after a little bit. If the scooter imp is de-summoned while the imp is in state where it can't use the skill or enemies are in a state where they can't be attacked, the de-summon skill won't activate.
4511	The scooter imp's incessant jibes decrease enemy Protection and Defense, stacking up to 5 times. They also buff the imp's escape skill. Once out of hearing range, enemies regain their composure after a little bit. If the scooter imp is de-summoned while the imp is in state where it can't use the skill or enemies are in a state where they can't be attacked, the de-summon skill won't activate.
4513	Save Location
4514	Pet Teleport
4515	Saves your current location. You can use your pet to teleport back here with the Pet Teleport skill.
4516	Teleports you and your pet back to a saved location. Save locations with the Save Location skill.
4517	Saves your current location. You can use your pet to teleport back here with the Pet Teleport skill.
4518	Teleports you and your pet back to a saved location. Save locations with the Save Location skill.
4519	Skill Required for Pet Summoning
4520	Lightning Breath
4521	Dragon Rage
4522	Store lightning in your mouth and send it bursting forward, petrifying your enemies.
4523	Store lightning in your mouth and send it bursting forward, petrifying your enemies.
4524	Compose
4525	There will be moments in life where you'll want to share a story through music and song. If you desire to be like one of the legendary bards of Erinn, then this is the skill for you. Now you can compose your own Music Scores rather than simply performing other people's songs.
4526	Read [Introduction to Music Composition], which is sold at the Bookstore and the General Shop.
4527	Freestyle Jam
4528	Start a Freestyle Jam to perform with other people!
4529	Start a Freestyle Jam to perform with other people!
4530	Kokopo Wave
4531	Kokopo Strike
4532	Kokopo arrives with a violent impact when she's summoned. Enemies hit by the attack will be temporarily stunned.
4533	A powerful strike that knocks back the target and delivers shock damage to nearby monsters.
4534	Kokopo arrives with a violent impact when she's summoned. Enemies hit by the attack will be temporarily stunned.
4535	A powerful strike that knocks back the target and delivers shock damage to nearby monsters.
4536	Jam Session
4537	Chorus
4538	Use this action to create a Jam Band. When your party members use this action, they will ready their instruments with their own Music Scores. The party leader can then use the action to start a Jam Session. The higher the party's instrument playing and musical knowledge rank is at, the better chances you have of performing with complete harmony.
4539	Use this action to create a Jam Band. When your party members use this action, they will sing instead of playing an instrument. The party leader can then use the Chorus or Jam Session actions to start. The higher the party's singing and musical knowledge rank is at, the better chances you have of performing with complete harmony.
4540	Use this action to create a Jam Band. When your party members use this action, they will ready their instruments with their own Music Scores. The party leader can then use the action to start a Jam Session. The higher the party's instrument playing and musical knowledge rank is at, the better chances you have of performing with complete harmony.
4541	Use this action to create a Jam Band. When your party members use this action, they will sing instead of playing an instrument. The party leader can then use the Chorus or Jam Session actions to start. The higher the party's singing and musical knowledge rank is at, the better chances you have of performing with complete harmony.
4542	Psychomancy
4543	Divide and Conquer
4544	Piercing Gaze
4545	Palalan Embrace
4546	A skill that harnesses the light of Palala. Use it to gain special effects.
4547	You have reached Potential Level 30!
4554	Partner Healing
4555	It's not known how, but this magic is said to cure HP.
4556	Healing restores a certain amount of the target's HP. It also can help restore a tired adventurer's energy. The caster is protected from any attacks. The lower the target's HP is, the more effective the healing is, and more EXP is received. Understanding when is the right time to heal can be the key to victory!
4558	HP Recovery
4559	Healing Wand Effectiveness
4560	Dance of Death
4561	Artistic expression isn't limited to language and sound. The age-old tradition of dancing brings joy to both the dancer and the spectator. Dancers express powerful emotions by controlling their bodies with utmost precision. They can move as forcefully as an avalanche or as fluidly as water. At their peak, dancers can use their fast feet to slip through an enemy's defenses. Enemies might even be entranced enough by the dance to be brought to their end with no resistance. That is why this particular set of footwork is called the "Dance of Death."
4562	Complete quest [So That You Are Not a Memory].
4563	Shine of Eweca
4564	Breath of Ladeca
4565	Vision of Ladeca
4566	Might of Ladeca
4567	Achieve character level 50. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4568	Achieve character level 100. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4569	Achieve character level 100. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4570	Achieve character level 100. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4571	You are blessed by Eweca, the red moon that shines in the night sky of Erinn. Many stats increase. The longer you stay in this world, the more adept you become at controlling the blessing.
4572	You are blessed by Ladeca, the blue moon that shines in the night sky of Erinn. Speed increases for a set time. The longer you stay in this world, the more adept you become at controlling the blessing.
4573	You are blessed by Ladeca, the blue moon that shines in the night sky of Erinn. Ranged attack becomes faster and more accurate in combat. The longer you stay in this world, the more adept you become at controlling the blessing.
4574	You are blessed by Ladeca, the blue moon that shines in the night sky of Erinn. Attack becomes faster and more powerful when using close combat talent skills with close combat weapons. The longer you stay in this world, the more adept you become at controlling the blessing.
4575	Achieve character level 50. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4576	Achieve character level 100. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4577	Achieve character level 100. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4578	Achieve character level 100. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4579	Dance Party
4580	Merry Melodies
4583	Gathering Success Rate
4584	Gathering Success Rate
4585	Bind Duration
4586	Damage
4587	Bonus DEF when equipped with a shield
4588	DEF
4589	Defense when equipped with heavy armor
4590	DEF
4591	Defense when equipped with light armor
4592	STR Boost
4593	Damage
4594	Min Damage
4595	Min Damage
4596	Duration
4597	MP Recovery Rate
4598	Duration
4599	Damage
4600	Critical Damage when inflicting a ranged attack on a bound enemy
4601	Bonus Protection when equipped with a shield
4602	Protection
4603	Protection when equipped with heavy armor
4604	Protection
4605	Protection when equipped with light armor
4606	Duration
4607	Critical Damage
4608	Max Damage
4609	Max Damage
4610	MP Recovery Time
4611	Bonus Gather Rate
4612	Bonus Gather Rate
4613	Bonus Magic Defense when equipped with a shield
4614	Magic Defense
4615	Magic Defense when equipped with heavy armor
4616	Magic Defense
4617	Magic Defense when equipped with light armor
4618	Cooldown Reduced
4619	Bonus Magic Protection when equipped with a shield
4620	Magic Protection
4621	Magic Protection when equipped with heavy armor
4622	Magic Protection
4623	Magic Protection when equipped with light armor
4624	Cooldown rate has been reset
4626	Stun Duration
4627	Next Aiming Speed
4628	Bonus Close Range Auto Defense when equipped with a shield
4629	Close Range Auto Defense
4630	Close Range Auto Defense when equipped with heavy armor
4631	Min Damage
4632	Min Damage
4634	Bonus Long Range Auto Defense when equipped with a shield
4635	Long Range Auto Defense
4636	Long Range Auto Defense when equipped with heavy armor
4637	Max Damage
4638	Max Damage
4639	Bonus Magic Auto Defense when equipped with a shield
4640	Magic Auto Defense
4641	Magic Auto Defense when equipped with heavy armor
4642	Cooldown Reduced
4643	Damage at Maximum Charge
4644	Cooldown Reduced
4645	Rampaging Power
4646	Vengeful Power
4647	Corrupted Power
4648	Farthest Movement
4649	슈퍼 올가미 (운영자 스킬)
4662	Menagerie creatures love playing happy music! It just so happens that your enemies can't stand the sound of a happy tune. The happier your animal is, the better they play. Keep them happy to really bring it to your enemies!
4663	Menagerie creatures love playing happy music! It just so happens that your enemies can't stand the sound of a happy tune. The happier your animal is, the better they play. Keep them happy to really bring it to your enemies!
4664	Keep the Beat
4665	Menagerie creatures love playing happy music! It just so happens that your enemies can't stand the sound of a happy tune. The happier your animal is, the better they play. Keep them happy to really bring it to your enemies!
4666	Menagerie creatures love playing happy music! It just so happens that your enemies can't stand the sound of a happy tune. The happier your animal is, the better they play. Keep them happy to really bring it to your enemies!
4667	Range
4668	Cooldown Reduced
4671	Install Prop to Repair
4672	A skill required to install a prop on the Altar of Restoration.
4673	Earth Dragon Roar
4674	Lets out a chilling roar when summoned, dealing massive damage to enemies nearby and stunning them.
4675	Lets out a chilling roar when summoned, dealing massive damage to enemies nearby and stunning them.
4676	Wind Guard
4677	A skill that allows you to successfully defend against enemies attacks by summoning strong winds to surround your body. DEF and M. DEF increases significantly, and you cannot be knocked down. While Wind Guard is active, weapon speed for the Close Combat talent increases, and you can use Close Combat skills and Giant Full Swing, the ultimate skill of a Giant Warrior. The strong wind summoned by Wind Guard allows you to use Charge and Giant Full Swing quickly and consecutively without a cooldown. Equipping a shield grants an additional DEF bonus.
4678	Talk to [Krug] in Vales with the [Skills] keyword after you've learned Charge.
4679	Duration
4680	Protection
4681	Protection
4682	Duration
4683	Cooldown Decreased
4684	Great Spirit Puck's \nSupport Attack
4685	If your battle is starting to look a little dicey, call upon the Great Spirit Puck!
4686	If your battle is starting to look a little dicey, call upon the Great Spirit Puck!
4698	Taunt
4699	A skill that allows you to draw the attention of enemies. You can use this skill to distract monsters actively attacking your party members. The drawn enemy becomes Peeved, and it will only attack you with increased movement speed and decreased ATT and Magic Attack. Higher Rank in this skill allows to draw more enemies from further away and with greater intensity. Enemies that are too strong can't be provoked, so be careful.
4700	At [Level 20] or higher, talk to [Taunes] in Vales with the [Skills] keyword, and then go through the [Abstaining from Emotion] quest.
4701	Duration
4702	Range
4703	Enhanced Taunt
4704	Minimum number of lured monsters
4705	Maximum number of lured monsters
4706	Stomp
4707	You can't do that right now.
4708	This skill allows you to damage and stun nearby enemies. However, the skill won't have any effect if the enemy is under attack, and it can be offset by enemies using skills that defend against ranged attacks.
4709	Start the tutorial.
4710	Attack Range
4711	Monster Stun Duration
4712	Morningstar Swing
4713	Healing Wind
4714	Swing the morningstar in a sweeping arc, attacking all enemies within range.
4715	Calls forth a wind that heals you and treats your injuries.
4716	Swing the morningstar in a sweeping arc, attacking all enemies within range.
4717	Calls forth a wind that heals you and treats your injuries.
4718	Dorcha Mastery
4719	Chain Blade Mastery
4720	Dorcha Snatch
4721	Chain Impale
4722	Raging Spike
4723	Spinning Slasher
4724	Chain Crush
4725	Chain Sweep
4726	Dorcha Conversion
4727	Anchor Rush
4728	Death Mark
4729	Chain Burst
4730	Bachram Explosion
4731	To be a great Chain Slasher, you need to learn to control the Sluagh and the source of its power, the Dorcha.
4732	You can use the Chain Blade to manage your Dorcha. Practice this skill often, and its efficiency will increase. Practice makes perfect!
4733	The most rudimentary of Chain Blade attacks. It doesn't do great damage, but it does effectively increase your Dorcha. Attack speed varies depending on distance. If you defeat the enemy with a Lucky Finish, you'll gain 3 Dorcha. If you defeat the enemy with a Huge Lucky Finish, you'll gain the maximum amount of Dorcha possible!
4734	Among all the Chain Slash skills, this one attacks the fastest. With enough Dorcha, enemies will drop like flies whenever you use this attack!
4735	This skill makes you dart forward like an arrow, attacking nearby enemies and forcing them off to the side. It's perfect for an emergency escape, and your opponent won't know what hit 'em!
4736	A skill that pulls in a mass of enemies, pounds them, and then flings them away from you. This technique is especially awesome when combined with an AoE skill.
4737	This skill snatches up an enemy, rendering it helpless before the blows of your powerful attacks. While in your clutches, enemies cannot use magic or alchemy.
4738	A skill perfect for damaging multiple enemies simultaneously. You use this skill to knock them flat on the ground, then attack them at your leisure.
4739	With this skill, you convert HP into Dorcha. \nBe careful with this one; don't bleed yourself dry in your desire for Dorcha!
4740	Plant the Chain Blade in a target and pull yourself to that target in an instant! \nYou can use this skill even when you are stunned.
4741	Imbues the Chain Blade with Dorcha, and curses an enemy with the mark of death. Whenever that enemy takes a hit, a blast occurs, which attracts more monsters.\nThe one with the Death Mark receives increased damage, but don't rely on this fact, for the mark of death does not last forever.
4742	A skill that boosts Dorcha's efficiency by imbuing the will of the Sluagh itself right onto the surface of the Chain Blade!\nThus, the damage of Dorcha skills increases for a brief period of time.
4743	A skill to be used when your faith is as strong as steel, untarnished by the acid of doubt. It unleashes your accrued Bachram to deal powerful damage, and can only be used one time during each Bachram Boost. The number of uses cannot be stacked.
4744	To master Chain Slash, you must learn how it works. First, the Sluagh...\nThe Sluagh are restless spirits which can live within you, and their turbulent aggression will permeate your soul with darkness, known as Dorcha. But this does not have to be a bleak state of affairs, for you can harness this Dorcha to achieve your own ends, and hopefully they are noble ends! You consume Dorcha to perform Chain Slash skills, but to do that effectively, you'll need to call upon your own inner strength, known as Bachram. Since it is your own inner strength, Bachram keeps the hostile Sluagh spirit under control. As your Bachram gauge fills, it restores HP, MP, and Stamina, and it resets the cooldown of many skills. And finally, a Bachram Boost will quickly refuel your Dorcha. Now, go forth and Chain Slash!
4745	You can use the Chain Blade to manage your Dorcha. Practice this skill often, and its efficiency will increase. Practice makes perfect!
4746	The most rudimentary of Chain Blade attacks. It doesn't do great damage, but it does effectively increase your Dorcha. Attack speed varies depending on distance. If you defeat the enemy with a Lucky Finish, you'll gain 3 Dorcha. If you defeat the enemy with a Huge Lucky Finish, you'll gain the maximum amount of Dorcha possible!
4747	Among all the Chain Slash skills, this one attacks the fastest. With enough Dorcha, enemies will drop like flies whenever you use this attack!
4748	This skill makes you dart forward like an arrow, attacking nearby enemies and forcing them off to the side. It's perfect for an emergency escape, and your opponent won't know what hit 'em!
4749	A skill that pulls in a mass of enemies, pounds them, and then flings them away from you. This technique is especially awesome when combined with an AoE skill.
4750	This skill snatches up an enemy, rendering it helpless before the blows of your powerful attacks. While in your clutches, enemies cannot use magic or alchemy.
4751	A skill perfect for damaging multiple enemies simultaneously. You use this skill to knock them flat on the ground, then attack them at your leisure.
4752	With this skill, you convert HP into Dorcha. \nBe careful with this one; don't bleed yourself dry in your desire for Dorcha!
4753	Plant the Chain Blade in a target and pull yourself to that target in an instant! \nYou can use this skill even when you are stunned.
4754	Imbues the Chain Blade with Dorcha, and curses an enemy with the mark of death. Whenever that enemy takes a hit, a blast occurs, which attracts more monsters.\nThe one with the Death Mark receives increased damage, but don't rely on this fact, for the mark of death does not last forever.
4755	A skill that boosts Dorcha's efficiency by imbuing the will of the Sluagh itself right onto the surface of the Chain Blade!\nThus, the damage of Dorcha skills increases for a brief period of time.
4756	A skill to be used when your faith is as strong as steel, untarnished by the acid of doubt. It unleashes your accrued Bachram to deal powerful damage, and can only be used one time during each Bachram Boost. The number of uses cannot be stacked.
4757	Complete Chain Slash Talent's scenario quest [Where She Sleeps].
4758	Equip a [Chain Blade]. Chain Blades can be purchased from the Weapons Shop.
4759	Equip a [Chain Blade]. Chain Blades can be purchased from the Weapons Shop.
4760	Complete Chain Slash Talent's scenario quest [Where She Sleeps].
4761	Complete Chain Slash Talent's scenario quest [The Corrupted Memories].
4762	Complete Chain Slash Talent's scenario quest [Blood of the Fomor].
4763	Complete Chain Slash Talent's scenario quest [A Heart Delivered].
4764	Complete Chain Slash Talent's scenario quest [Blood of the Fomor].
4765	Complete Chain Slash Talent's scenario quest [The Corrupted Memories].
4766	Complete Chain Slash Talent's scenario quest [A Heart Delivered].
4767	Dorcha Skill Damage
4768	Max Damage
4769	Effective Distance
4770	Damage
4771	Damage
4772	Damage
4773	Damage
4774	Damage
4775	HP Consumed
4776	Max Movement Range
4777	Damage
4778	Duration
4779	Effective Distance
4782	Dorcha Acquired
4783	Stun Duration
4784	Range
4785	Effective Range
4786	Silence Duration
4787	Effective Distance
4788	Leeched Dorcha
4790	Mark Duration
4791	Dorcha Skill Damage
4792	Attack Range
4794	Attack Spread
4795	Attack Range
4797	Attack Range
4799	Gust Range
4800	Chain Impale Silence Duration
4802	Attack Range
4803	Attack Range
4805	Gust Wind Range
4807	Knockdown Range
4809	Gust Interval
4812	Maximum Dorcha
4813	Min Damage
4814	Effective Distance
4815	Dorcha consumed
4816	Dorcha consumed
4817	Dorcha consumed
4818	Dorcha consumed
4819	Dorcha consumed
4820	Cooldown
4821	Dorcha consumed
4822	Dorcha consumed
4823	Dorcha consumed
4824	Damage
4825	Might of Ladeca
4826	Achieve character level 100. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4827	You are blessed by Ladeca, the blue moon that shines in Erinn's night sky. Your attacks become faster and more powerful when using close combat talent skills with close combat weapons. When both the skill and the weapon are Chain Slash ones, you are truly at your most devastating. The longer you stay in this world, the more adept you'll become at controlling this blessing.
4828	Achieve character level 100. If you are a novice without an active talent, try spending a little more time getting adjusted to the world.
4829	Damage Amplification
4830	Complete the [A Sharp Eye] quest, which you receive after completing the Chain Slash scenario quest, which you can access by reaching Rank 1 in Chain Blade Mastery and Rank 3 in Dorcha Mastery. Alternatively, you can access the quest by creating a Baltane Special Unit.
4831	Complete the [Extreme Destruction] quest. You can access that quest by using Eiren’s letter, which is acquired from a Reanimated Corpse during a Baltane Mission.
4832	Complete the [Trustworthy] quest, which you receive after completing the Chain Slash scenario quest, which you can access by reaching Rank 1 in Chain Blade Mastery, Rank 1 in Dorcha Mastery, Rank 3 in Chain Sweep, and Rank 5 in Spinning Slasher.
4850	Wild Movement
4853	Wave of Pain
4854	Sharp Wind
4855	Heavy Swing
4856	Heavy Stomp
4857	Poison Breath
4858	Stone Blast
4859	Wild Screech
4963	Excavate Grave
5042	Double-Edged Swing
5043	Fierce Charge
5044	Mineral Explosion
5045	Soul Chase
5046	Purgatory
5047	Trial of Pain
5109	Summon Doppelganger
5110	Blade Storm
5111	Stone Broken
5113	You cannot use this skill right now. Proceed through the Storyline first.
5114	Many powers swirl within you: the righteousness that comes from justice, the blessings of the gods, even Aton Cimeni's original Divine Light. You've learned to harmonize and control these powers, including power from another world, forming an all-new divinity. But since this transformation is powered by an otherworldly essence that clashes with the pure power of Erinn, you can only maintain the transformation for limited periods when in combat. While this transformation is maintained, you'll have access to new skills alongside your Alban Knight Crusader skills, though they'll be fueled by a different, otherworldly source.
5115	Play the new divine quest from G21 Guardian's Path part 2.
5120	You cannot use this skill right now. Proceed through the Storyline first.
5121	You cannot use this skill right now. Proceed through the Storyline first.
5122	You cannot use this skill right now. Proceed through the Storyline first.
5123	When otherworldly power clashes with power from the gods of Erinn, it creates a quick blast of power that can damage enemies. Charge the otherworldly power to amplify it, making it more powerful and reach further. The most you charge it, the more damage you do and the more powerful your next Nova Obliteration will be.
5124	This skill lets you instantly teleport your transformed body, vanishing from enemy sight even after they've seen you.
5125	While Divine Blast relies on the clashing of power from two worlds to deal damage, Nova Obliteration takes it a step further by fueling the clash with the essence of Erinn, causing a powerful echoing of power that releases in a massive explosion of energy. This explosion will be more powerful if you first use Divine Blast or Alban Knight Crusader skills to amplify it.
5129	Jack's Throw Snowball
5130	Jack's Garden
5131	Mini Jack
5132	Jack's Frozen Field
5133	War Cry
5134	Damage min
5135	Damage max
5136	Number of tombstones created
5137	Tombstone creation radius (cm)
5138	Attack range radius (cm)
5139	Stun Duration (ms)
5140	Sends out minis with Lil Jack Frost's power to hold on to enemies nearby. The number and duration depend on Lil Jack's abilities, and improve as he levels up. \nOne enemy is held per mini, and the enemy takes cold damage, except for enemies immune to ice magic.
5141	Throw Snowball
5142	Water Spitting
5143	Archelon Crouching
5144	Stone Flash
5145	Water Recovery
5146	Archelon Dash
5147	Water Drop
5148	Guardian's Power
5149	Testament of the Prophecy
5150	Rain of Judgment
5151	Tagar Vertical Attack
5152	Tagar Horizontal Attack
5153	Tagar Windmill
5154	Nascent Divinity
5155	Divine Blast
5156	Blink
5157	Nova Obliteration
5158	Moonlight \nCouples Flight
5159	A skill received when you formed a bond with your special sweetie. The magic powder, of unknown origin, will make your body as light as air and let you take to the skies around Erinn. Fly whenever you want!\nYou can also right-click on others and request that they Fly Together with you. Enjoy the skies with a friend or a sweetie under the moonlight!
5160	Create Lava Decal
5161	Iron Chain Charge
5162	Destroyer
5163	Summon Fire Pillar
5164	Clone Absorption
5165	Spin Dash
5166	Sweeping Strike
5167	Light of Annihilation
5168	Light of Destruction
5169	Petrifying Explosion
5170	Injury Rate (%)
5171	Min Damage
5172	Min Damage
5173	Min Damage
5174	Recovery per second
5175	Horizontal Range (cm)
5176	Max Damage
5177	Max Damage
5178	Max Damage
5179	Total Damage to Inflict
5180	Vertical Range (cm)
5181	Injury Rate (%)
5182	Injury Rate (%)
5183	Injury Rate (%)
5184	Time Limit (ms)
5185	Move Range (cm)
5186	Attack Radius (cm)
5187	Spin Degree (Radian)
5188	Attack Directions
5189	Protection Debuff (%)
5190	Move Time (ms)
5191	Blown Distance (cm)
5192	Blown Distance (cm)
5193	Blown Distance (cm)
5194	Magic Protection Debuff (%)
5195	Enemy Knockback (cm)
5196	Debuff Duration (ms)
5197	Unconscious Time (ms)
5198	Petrification Duration (ms)
5199	Lost and Found
5200	A special wind blows when Blaanid is summoned, healing nearby party members and temporarily freezing nearby enemies.
5201	A special wind blows when Blaanid is summoned, healing nearby party members and temporarily freezing nearby enemies.
5202	Cluster Explosion
5203	Illusion Decal
5204	Min Damage
5205	The Decal ID will be placed where a monster dies
5206	Max Damage
5207	Increase Decal size variables (Multiply to DecalDB.xml's Decal var1's size)
5208	Attack Radius (cm)
5209	Decal Duration (ms)
5210	HP Consumed per second
5211	MP Consumed per second
5212	Stamina Consumed per second
5213	Dorcha Gauge Consumed per second
5214	Ferocious Attack
5215	Lightning Strike
5216	Lightning Wave
5217	Infiltration
5219	Uses Stamina to conceal you and your pet upon mounting your pet. While concealed, other players, pets, and enemies have trouble seeing you. You can break out of concealment upon command. You will also break concealment when the skill timer has expired or upon being attacked by an enemy.
5221	Uses Stamina to conceal you and your pet upon mounting your pet. While concealed, other players, pets, and enemies have trouble seeing you. You can break out of concealment upon command. You will also break concealment when the skill timer has expired or upon being attacked by an enemy.
5222	Min Damage upon initial attack (N)
5223	Min range, radius (cm)
5224	Range at which damage can be dealt to enemies nearby upon summon (cm)
5225	Conceal duration (ms)
5226	Min Damage upon initial attack (N)
5227	Min Damage dealt to target through dash attack (N)
5228	Min Damage dealt to enemies (N)
5229	Bonus combo damage upon second attack (%)
5230	Max Damage dealt to target through dash attack (N)
5231	Max Damage dealt to enemies (N)
5232	Bonus combo damage upon third attack (%)
5233	Range of lightning attack which gets added near pet after dashing (cm)
5234	Stun duration of targets who took damage (ms)
5235	Min Damage of additional area attack (N)
5236	Additional Magic Defense that gets reduced for a target that took damage (N)
5237	Max Damage of additional area attack (N)
5238	Additional Magic Protection that gets reduced for a target that took damage (%)
5239	Max number that can be hit by lightning (N)
5240	Movement speed increase upon charging (cm/s)
5241	Magic Defense, Magic Protection duration (ms)
5242	Min attack range (cm)
5243	Area attack stun duration (ms)
5244	Iron Will
5245	Vital Surge
5246	Dampen Shock
5247	Blunting Field
5248	Defiance
5249	Time Shift
5250	Relentless Assault
5251	Exploit Weakness
5252	Elemental Attunement
5253	Redoubled Offensive
5254	Attack range (cm)
5255	Attack range (cm)
5256	Attack spread (cm)
5257	Attack spread (cm)
5258	Min Damage
5259	Max Damage
5260	A melee attack that hits an enemy multiple times with its powerful front paws and horns. Bonus damage is applied upon performing combo attacks. The higher the pet's level, the higher the damage that can be dealt.
5261	Immediately charges a long distance to the enemy's location and head butts the enemy with its horns. At the same time, deals additional lightning attacks to enemies nearby. Enemies struck by lightning are stunned for a short duration.
5262	A melee attack that hits an enemy multiple times with its powerful front paws and horns. Bonus damage is applied upon performing combo attacks. The higher the pet's level, the higher the damage that can be dealt.
5263	Immediately charges a long distance to the enemy's location and head butts the enemy with its horns. At the same time, deals additional lightning attacks to enemies nearby. Enemies struck by lightning are stunned for a short duration.
5264	Random direction availability
5265	Dark Explosion
5266	Create random Lava Decal
5267	Dark Bullet
5268	Summon Grim Reaper
5269	Summon Staff
5270	Phantasmal Sight
5271	Fateweaver
5272	Tenacious Taunt
5273	Zone of Renewal
5274	Unified Might
5275	Final Strike
5276	You can't do that right now.
5277	A skill that pushes the limits of your fighting spirit. Teleport and strike consecutive powerful blows at your enemies. You can unleash a near-limitless flow of attacks while the skill is active and ignore enemy Heavy Stander effects. You can further enhance the skill using rage, which accumulates when you attack or are attacked, to deliver the next set of attacks even faster. You'll deal more damage when you attack with a two-handed sword, a two-handed axe, or a two-handed blunt weapon.
5278	Advance [Smash] to Rank 9 or higher and then talk to [Taunes] in Physis Vales with the [Skills] keyword.
5279	Stampede
5280	Stampede is a dual-purpose move that first allows you to sweep toward enemies and then amplifies your following Close Combat attack. It's useful in situations where you're surrounded. You can move around quickly up to three times, gathering up scattered enemies into a single spot each time. After each sweep, any Close Combat skill you use will be greatly amplified. You may take damage during your sweeps, but you won't get knocked down. The skill may be canceled if you're attacked before you can begin your sweep.
5281	Stampede is a dual-purpose move that first allows you to sweep toward enemies and then amplifies your following Close Combat attack. It's useful in situations where you're surrounded. You can move around quickly up to three times, gathering up scattered enemies into a single spot each time. After each sweep, any Close Combat skill you use will be greatly amplified. You may take damage during your sweeps, but you won't get knocked down. The skill may be canceled if you're attacked before you can begin your sweep.
5282	After reaching Charge to Rank B, complete the [Herbivores of Cenae] quest.
5283	Cooldown Reduced
5291	Chained Close Combat Skill Enhancement Boosted
5292	Duration
5293	Cooldown Reduced
5294	Teleport Distance
5295	Final Hit
5296	You can't do that right now.
5297	Final Hit is a powerful skill effective for close-range combat. It envelopes your body in a battle aura that pushes the limits of physical capability. Attack an enemy while the skill is active to teleport to their location and unleash a near-limitless flow of attacks, even when you're attacked back. While Final Hit is active, the durability of your melee weapons will not be consumed, and your attacks will knock enemies down less than usual, allowing you to squeeze in more hits. This effect is maximized when you wield twin swords, making it so that enemies don't get knocked down at all. Just remember that even though you may feel powerful launching so many attacks, you're still vulnerable to danger. Be careful not to get yourself knocked out when facing enemies who possess powerful attacks.
5298	With twin swords equipped, talk to [Aodhan] in Emain Macha with the [Skills] keyword and then talk to [Nicca] at the Qilla Base Camp with the [Twin Sword] keyword. Then, go through [The True Purpose of the Twin Sword] quest.
5299	Duration
5300	Cooldown Reduced
5301	Teleport Distance
5302	Min Damage
5303	Max Damage
5304	Throwing Attack
5305	You can't do that right now.
5306	Enables the use of throwing weapons. If you have a throwing tool and throwing weapon in your hands, you can use the Throwing attack. Unlike arrows, throwing weapons do not require time to aim.
5307	Equip a [javelin] or an [atlatl].
5308	Accuracy
5309	Damage
5310	Rising Waters
5311	Storm
5312	Lightning Arc
5313	Water Pillar
5314	Possession
5315	Infection
5316	Illusion
5317	Casting Time
5318	Throw Spikes
5319	Inked Up
5320	Soaring Leg
5321	Slam Ground
5322	Tighten (Til Death)
5323	Tighten (Til Self Destruct)
5324	Leg Self Destruct
5325	Leg Sweep
5326	Spectre
5327	Warship Bombardment
5328	Basic Attack
5329	Cromm Cruaich Breath
5330	Front Kick Attack
5331	Body Clash
5332	Cromm Cruaich Meteor
5333	Spinning Headbutt
5334	Nightmare
5335	Dark Thrust
5336	Moon Stone Strike
5337	Blue Shield
5338	Healing Rays
5339	Bonding Ties
5340	Your pet has come to understand your MP use through your soul link, and learned to supplement its Mana Shield to better protect its master and friends. Grants a boost to Magic Defense and Magic Protection to the pet's master and fellow pets.
5341	Your pet observes you healing and encouraging those around you and has learned how to erupt in healing energies. Your pet sends Healing Rays to nearby pets when Healing is used. Healing Rays lasts for a set duration and restores HP to nearby pets.
5342	Countless battles by your side have taught your pet to learn from your examples. As a result, they gain experience from completing missions by your side. This powerful bond remains even after your pet is dismissed.
5343	Blow Up Balloon
5344	A special action you can perform during the event. Use this to fill any deflated balloons you find with your mighty breath, giving you a full balloon.
5345	A special action you can perform during the event. Use this to fill any deflated balloons you find with your mighty breath, giving you a full balloon.
5346	One-handed Spirit Sword Awakening
5347	One-handed Spirit Blunt Awakening
5348	One-handed Spirit Axe Awakening
5349	Two-handed Spirit Sword Awakening
5350	Two-handed Spirit Blunt Awakening
5351	Two-handed Spirit Axe Awakening
5352	Spirit Lance Awakening
5353	Spirit Atlatl Awakening
5354	Spirit Bow Awakening
5355	Spirit Crossbow Awakening
5356	Spirit Wand Awakening
5357	Spirit Staff Awakening
5358	Spirit Cylinder Awakening
5359	Spirit Knuckle Awakening
5360	Spirit Control Bar Awakening
5361	Spirit Shuriken Awakening
5362	Spirit Dual Gun Awakening
5363	Spirit Chain Blade Awakening
5364	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5365	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5366	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5367	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5368	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5369	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5370	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5371	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5372	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5373	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5374	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5375	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5376	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5377	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5378	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5379	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5380	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5381	This skill awakens the spirit inside of the weapon to assist in combat. Once awakened, the spirit attacks all targets within range. Only spirits at level 21 or higher can awaken. Use the Spirit Weapon in combat to build up the energy needed for awakening. Save this attack for difficult foes, since it takes some time to charge up the skill.
5382	Damage
5383	Damage
5384	Damage
5385	Damage
5386	Damage
5387	Damage
5388	Damage
5389	Damage
5390	Damage
5391	Damage
5392	Damage
5393	Damage
5394	Damage
5395	Damage
5396	Damage
5397	Damage
5398	Damage
5399	Damage
5400	Spirit Level Effect
5401	Spirit Level Effect
5402	Spirit Level Effect
5403	Spirit Level Effect
5404	Spirit Level Effect
5405	Spirit Level Effect
5406	Spirit Level Effect
5407	Spirit Level Effect
5408	Spirit Level Effect
5409	Spirit Level Effect
5410	Spirit Level Effect
5411	Spirit Level Effect
5412	Spirit Level Effect
5413	Spirit Level Effect
5414	Spirit Level Effect
5415	Spirit Level Effect
5416	Spirit Level Effect
5417	Spirit Level Effect
5418	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5419	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5420	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5421	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5422	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5423	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5424	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5425	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5426	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5427	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5428	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5429	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5430	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5431	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5432	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5433	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5434	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5435	Awakening Energy Charge Rate
5436	Spirit Buff Duration
5437	Spirit Buff Duration
5438	Spirit Buff Duration
5439	Spirit Buff Duration
5440	Spirit Buff Duration
5441	Spirit Buff Duration
5442	Spirit Buff Duration
5443	Spirit Buff Duration
5444	Spirit Buff Duration
5445	Spirit Buff Duration
5446	Spirit Buff Duration
5447	Spirit Buff Duration
5448	Spirit Buff Duration
5449	Spirit Buff Duration
5450	Spirit Buff Duration
5451	Spirit Buff Duration
5452	Spirit Buff Duration
5453	Spirit Buff Duration
5454	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5455	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5456	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5457	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5458	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5459	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5460	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5461	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5462	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5463	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5464	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5465	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5466	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5467	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5468	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5469	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5470	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5471	Spirit Buff Bonus Damage
5472	Spirit Attack Range
5473	Spirit Attack Range
5474	Spirit Attack Range
5475	Spirit Attack Range
5476	Spirit Attack Range
5477	Spirit Attack Range
5478	Spirit Attack Range
5479	Spirit Attack Range
5480	Spirit Attack Range
5481	Spirit Attack Range
5482	Spirit Attack Range
5483	Spirit Attack Range
5484	Spirit Attack Range
5485	Spirit Attack Range
5486	Spirit Attack Range
5487	Spirit Attack Range
5488	Spirit Attack Range
5489	Spirit Attack Range
5490	Continuous Awakening
5491	Shield
5492	Protective Touch
5493	Circle of Magic
5494	Gummy Attack
5495	Piercing Howl
5496	Blooming Nostalgia
5497	Draws in nearby energy through the mouth, then lets it out to attack targeted enemies. Catsidhe's attacks reduce defense, protection, and movement speed, and have a chance to inflict Stun on most enemies.
5499	Draws in nearby energy through the mouth, then lets it out to forcefully attack multiple enemies. Catsidhe's attacks temporarily leave a special mark on enemies, and earn additional EXP when marked enemies are defeated. This mark cannot be left on certain special monsters such as boss monsters. Enemies hit by Sharp Howling may also be affected by Stun.
5500	Catsidhe recalls memories of their hometown, Fairy Village, and shares them with their owner. If Catsidhe is summoned nearby, the Life Talent selected when Catsidhe was first created receives a Skill Training x2 EXP effect.
5501	Draws in nearby energy through the mouth, then lets it out to attack targeted enemies. Catsidhe's attacks reduce defense, protection, and movement speed, and have a chance to inflict Stun on most enemies.
5503	Draws in nearby energy through the mouth, then lets it out to forcefully attack multiple enemies. Catsidhe's attacks temporarily leave a special mark on enemies, and earn additional EXP when marked enemies are defeated. This mark cannot be left on certain special monsters such as boss monsters. Enemies hit by Sharp Howling may also be affected by Stun.
5504	Catsidhe recalls memories of their hometown, Fairy Village, and shares them with their owner. If Catsidhe is summoned nearby, the Life Talent selected when Catsidhe was first created receives a Skill Training x2 EXP effect.
5505	Skill Range (cm)
5506	Skill Range (cm)
5507	Skill Front Range (cm)
5508	Skill Range Radius (cm)
5509	Defense Reduction (Integer)
5510	Min Fixed Damage Value (Integer)
5511	Skill Angle (Half-angle)
5512	Life Skill Training EXP Ratio Increase (%)
5513	Defense Reduction Bonus
5514	Max Fixed Damage Value
5515	Skill Targets
5517	Protection Reduction
5518	Stun Duration
5519	Mark Duration
5520	Protection Reduction Bonus
5521	Mini Gummy Paws Placed
5522	Combat EXP Bonus for Marked Enemies
5523	Movement Speed Reduction Value
5524	Minimum Mini Gummy Paws Radius
5525	Target Knock Back Distance
5526	Movement Speed Reduction Bonus
5527	Maximum Mini Gummy Paws Radius
5528	Hit Target Stun Rate
5529	Debuff (Defense/Protection/Movement Speed) Stack
5530	Mini Gummy Paws Duration
5531	Hit Target Stun Duration
5532	Debuff (Defense/Protection/Movement Speed) Reduction Duration
5533	Mini Gummy Paws Recovery
5534	Stun Duration
5535	Hit Target Stun Rate
5536	Attack Delay
5537	Stun Duration
5538	Attack Delay
5539	Hit Duration
5540	Min Damage dealt to enemies
5541	Max Damage dealt to enemies
5542	Cooldown Reset Rate
5543	Max Phantasmal Remnant obtained for a single use of a Technique
5544	Fynni Catching
5545	Fynni Blossoming
5546	Fynn Sync
5547	Fynn Crafting
5548	Fynn Bead Burnishing
5549	Soar
5550	Take to the skies and fly!
5551	Take to the skies and fly!
5552	The Fynni are a type of fairy that freely roam the lands of Erinn. Although generally weak, some among them have taken to inhabiting the bodies of animals and monsters, with many subsequently finding themselves unable to escape. A Fynni trapped within the body of a monster for too long is a detriment to both its host and itself. However, someone able to wield the power of the Fynn can extract these trapped Fynni from their unfortunate situation. 'Fynni Catching' is a skill that draws out trapped Fynni in the form of Fynni Gems. The type and strength of the Fynni within these gems depend on the monster it was taken from. Monsters that contain a Fynni can be distinguished based on whether the Fynni Gem is visible.
5553	There are weakened Fynni inside the Fynni Gems you can obtain through Fynni Catching. Once the environment within the gem stabilizes and becomes comfortable, the Fynni within will be awakened as a pet. The process by which this happens is known as Fynni Blossoming. As you grow a gem to maturity in a Blossoming Cage installed on your Homestead, the Fynni inside will slowly wake and ready itself to emerge into the world again. Once it is ready, the Fynni Pet appears in a form it believes to be best suited to serve its owner and greets them with a hug. It can take a good while for a Fynni to finally awaken, so remember to be patient with them.
5554	Equipping a Fynn Bell while a pet is summoned will imbue the pet with a burst of Fynni power. Use this power wisely to unite the multiple Fynni in different pets within the main summoned pet. If a Fynn Sync is successful, the main summoned pet will receive the power of the Fynn to become an even more powerful pet than before. The more Fynni that successfully sync together, the stronger the Fynn Pet will become. Some speculate this is due to the Fynni's desire to grow ever more dependable, worthy of a place at their master's side.
5555	Equip a Fynn Bell and bring the power of the Fynn to bear as you fashion a variety of fun and mysterious items. From tasty snacks the Fynni are sure to love to strange items that enable extraordinary abilities, you and your pet will be able to enjoy life's great and small moments together.
5556	Fynn Beads are round, glimmering stones that fairies love, bearing a passing resemblance to gemstones. Fynn Beads impart the power of the Fynn while a Fynn Bell is equipped in order to restore the light and awaken hidden power. This process is known as Burnishing. Fynn Beads that have been awakened through Burnishing confer unique abilities, and pets equipped with Fynn Beads can draw on the power of the Fynn within the beads to manifest special powers.
5557	The Fynni are a type of fairy that freely roam the lands of Erinn. Although generally weak, some among them have taken to inhabiting the bodies of animals and monsters, with many subsequently finding themselves unable to escape. A Fynni trapped within the body of a monster for too long is a detriment to both its host and itself. However, someone able to wield the power of the Fynn can extract these trapped Fynni from their unfortunate situation. 'Fynni Catching' is a skill that draws out trapped Fynni in the form of Fynni Gems. The type and strength of the Fynni within these gems depend on the monster it was taken from. Monsters that contain a Fynni can be distinguished based on whether the Fynni Gem is visible.
5558	There are weakened Fynni inside the Fynni Gems you can obtain through Fynni Catching. Once the environment within the gem stabilizes and becomes comfortable, the Fynni within will be awakened as a pet. The process by which this happens is known as Fynni Blossoming. As you grow a gem to maturity in a Blossoming Cage installed on your Homestead, the Fynni inside will slowly wake and ready itself to emerge into the world again. Once it is ready, the Fynni Pet appears in a form it believes to be best suited to serve its owner and greets them with a hug. It can take a good while for a Fynni to finally awaken, so remember to be patient with them.
5559	Equipping a Fynn Bell while a pet is summoned will imbue the pet with a burst of Fynni power. Use this power wisely to unite the multiple Fynni in different pets within the main summoned pet. If a Fynn Sync is successful, the main summoned pet will receive the power of the Fynn to become an even more powerful pet than before. The more Fynni that successfully sync together, the stronger the Fynn Pet will become. Some speculate this is due to the Fynni's desire to grow ever more dependable, worthy of a place at their master's side.
5560	Equip a Fynn Bell and bring the power of the Fynn to bear as you fashion a variety of fun and mysterious items. From tasty snacks the Fynni are sure to love to strange items that enable extraordinary abilities, you and your pet will be able to enjoy life's great and small moments together.
5561	Fynn Beads are round, glimmering stones that fairies love, bearing a passing resemblance to gemstones. Fynn Beads impart the power of the Fynn while a Fynn Bell is equipped in order to restore the light and awaken hidden power. This process is known as Burnishing. Fynn Beads that have been awakened through Burnishing confer unique abilities, and pets equipped with Fynn Beads can draw on the power of the Fynn within the beads to manifest special powers.
5562	Complete Pet Trainer Talent scenario quest 'Shining and Glittering'.
5563	Complete Pet Trainer Talent scenario quest 'Two Pieces of Cotton Candy'.
5564	Complete Pet Trainer Talent scenario quest 'In Accordance'.
5565	Complete Pet Trainer Talent scenario quest 'Reconciliation'.
5566	Complete Pet Trainer Talent scenario quest 'The Light Within the Ore'.
5567	Great Success Rate
5568	Item Bonus upon Great Success
5569	Item Crafting Buff Duration
5570	Wild Frenzy
5571	Frozen Earth
5572	Wings of Haste
5573	A perk that manifests from the will of a pet who wished to grow stronger in order to aid its master in combat.\nThe pet will enter a state of frenzy born of that desire, increasing its damage, and shortening its attack delay.
5574	A perk that calls upon the power of Ice Fynni to create an area of icy ground around the pet.\nThe Ice Fynni, in trying to play with the enemies, end up immobilizing them with their innate chill.
5575	A perk that manifests in order to reach the fastest movement speed.\nOnce activated, the caster's movement speed will be greatly amplified for a set duration.
5576	Floral Shield
5577	Healing Bubble
5578	Fynni Punch
5579	Rush of Wind
5580	Pulling Force
5581	Repelling Force
5582	A Fynn Bead skill that channels the power of the Flower Fynni.\nCreates a barrier of petals that surround the body, guarding against enemy attacks.
5583	A Fynn Bead skill that channels the power of the Bubble Fynni.\nCreates bubbles filled with healing powder that can replenish one's HP and MP.\nThe power of the Bubble Fynni keeps these bubbles aloft without the risk of being blown away.\nHowever, their thin membrane means they last only for a short while.\n(Only the pet's master and fellow party members can benefit from the effect of the bubbles.)
5584	A Fynn Bead skill that channels the power of the Punching Fynni.\nCreates a shower of punches that rain down around the pet, each infused with the soul of a Punching Fynni.\nEnemies within the skill's area will be pummeled.
5585	A Fynn Bead skill that channels the power of the Gust Fynni.\nCreates gusts of wind at the caster's location that then scatter out in all directions.\nDeals damage to enemies in the path of any of the gusts of wind.
5586	A Fynn Bead skill that channels the power of the Vector Fynni.\nCreates a gravitational field in the vicinity of the caster that damages enemies while drawing them in.
5587	A Fynn Bead skill that channels the power of the Vector Fynni.\nCreates a gravitational field in the vicinity of the caster that damages enemies while pushing them away.
5588	Fynn Pet Mastery
5589	Uis
5590	Sola
5591	Tein
5592	Gao
5593	Tala
5594	Once turned into a Fynn Pet through Fynn Syncing, the pet's abilities will be increased.\nPerform a Fynn Sync with more pets to make your Fynn Pets even stronger.
5595	The Fynni imbued in pets via Fynn Syncing manifest powers corresponding to one of the elements, with Uis being the Fynni with power over water.\nWhen the pet uses its normal attacks, it has a chance of performing an additional water-elemental area of effect attack.
5596	The Fynni imbued in pets via Fynn Syncing manifest powers corresponding to one of the elements, with Sola being the Fynni with power over lightning.\nWhen the pet uses its normal attacks, it has a chance of performing an additional lightning-elemental attack, which can fork out to other enemies and damage them.
5597	The Fynni imbued in pets via Fynn Syncing manifest powers corresponding to one of the elements, with Tein being the Fynni with power over fire.\nWhen the pet uses its normal attacks, it has a chance of performing an additional fire-elemental attack. An enemy struck by this attack will be set ablaze, taking damage over time for a set duration.
5598	The Fynni imbued in pets via Fynn Syncing manifest powers corresponding to one of the elements, with Gao being the Fynni with power over wind.\nWhen the pet uses its normal attacks, it has a chance of performing an additional wind-elemental area of effect attack. An enemy struck by this attack will take damage over time for a set duration, also affecting other enemies who come close to it.
5599	The Fynni imbued in pets via Fynn Syncing manifest powers corresponding to one of the elements, with Tala being the Fynni with power over earth.\nWhen the pet uses its normal attacks, it has a chance of performing an additional earth-elemental attack. An enemy struck by this attack will be vulnerable to taking increased damage from the Tala-infused Fynni's subsequent attacks.
5600	Production Mastery
5601	Improves crafting know-how commonly associated with almost all production skills, excluding cooking and enchants.
5602	The act of creation involves selecting materials and assembling them to bring your idea to life. Studying the relationships between materials and pondering the many ways in which they can be combined to produce the desired results is an exercise in patience and perseverance, which leads to the development of stamina. Production Mastery allows the creator's imagination to take shape and be fully realized through the labor of their own hands. The joy of creation and the satisfaction of turning concepts into reality is the driving force behind Production Mastery. (Cooking, Enchants, and Pet Training Talents are not affected by this skill.)
5603	Talk to Alissa in Tir Chonaill with the Skills keyword.\n\nOr, during the tutorial, undertake the 'Production Mastery' quest or the 'Red Sand Scorpion Venom Sac' quest.
5604	Crazy Drift
5605	Shield
5606	Water Balloon
5607	Missile Attack
5611	The kart drifts to gather enemies into one place. Targets are stunned and the UFO reduces their movement speed.
5612	Attacks with a classic KartRider water balloon. Reduces targets' movement speed, defense, and protection.
5613	Launches a classic KartRider missile. Draws the targets' attention to the pet. Triggers a powerful missile attack after getting targeted.
5614	Kart Racing Mode
5615	Toggles Kart Racing Mode. The camera changes to a fixed angle. Steer with WASD and drift with the Shift key. You must be mounted on a kart to use this skill.
5616	Floral Step
5617	Paddle Dance
5618	Scent of Death
5619	Dance attack max damage max
5620	Knockback max damage max
5621	Pollen attack forward range cm
5622	Dance attack player knockback range cm
5623	Knockback attack range cm
5624	Pollen attack angle (Half angle) cm
5625	Dance attack range cm
5626	Petal min damage min
5628	Dance attack width cm
5629	Petal max damage max
5631	Petal shield duration s
5632	Petal debuff effect condition ID per phase
5633	Petal shield damage reflect amount (Only for attacks from players) %
5634	Petal debuff duration s
5635	Number of green/red/black/white petals that get scattered constant
5636	Number of yellow petals that get mixed constant
5637	Petal attack range cm
5638	Width/radius per petal that get acknowledged as attacks cm
5639	Powerless condition duration constant
5641	Summons KartRider's shields to protect from enemy attacks. Enemies are stunned after attacking the pet while the shield is up.
5642	Twilight
5643	Destructive Earthquake
5644	Rodeo
5645	Orb
5646	Create void decal
5647	Min Damage
5648	Min Damage
5649	Mountable range (cm)
5650	Processing time for the throwing motion
5652	Max Damage
5653	Max Damage
5654	Directional change min value (constant)
5657	Attack range angle (radian)
5658	Horizontal Range (cm)
5659	Directional change max value (constant)
5662	Attack range radius (cm)
5663	Vertical Range (cm)
5664	Button spamming min value (checking successful entry)
5666	Debuff condition ID to be activated
5667	Move Time (ms)
5668	Knockdown duration upon failing Rodeo (ms)
5669	Debuff occurrence chance (%)
5670	Target's knockback range (cm)
5671	Hit damage amplification amount upon failing Rodeo (%)
5672	Debuff Duration (ms)
5673	Circular area of effect attack radius (cm)
5675	Injury Rate (%)
5676	Circular area of effect attack additional damage (constant)
5678	Injury Rate (%)
5680	Your pet has observed you healing and encouraging those around you and has learned how to use those same healing energies. Your pet sends Healing Rays to nearby pets when Healing is used. These rays last for a set duration and restore HP and MP to nearby pets.
5682	Additional {0}% Pet Clear EXP
5683	Additional {0}% MP Recovery Rate
5684	Min Damage increased by {0}%
5685	Duration increased by {0} sec
5686	HP Recovery Rate increased by {0}
5687	Min Damage increased by {0}
5688	Min Damage increased by {0}
5689	Max Damage increased by {0}%
5690	Stun Fixed Damage increased by {0}
5691	MP Recovery Rate increased by {0}
5692	Max Damage increased by {0}
5693	Max Damage increased by {0}
5694	Absorbable Damage increased by {0}%
5695	Ranged Damage increased by {0}%
5696	Ranged Damage increased by {0}%
5697	Continuous Damage increased by {0}%
5698	Contagion damage increased by {0}%
5700	Healing Effects increased by {0}%
5701	Punch Damage increased by {0}%
5703	Gust Damage increased by {0}%
5706	Damage increased by {0}%
5707	Harmony Flight
5708	A skill received when you formed a bond with your special sweetie. The magic powder, of unknown origin, will make your body as light as air, and let you take to the skies around Erinn. Fly whenever you want!\nYou can also right-click on others and request that they Fly Together with you. Enjoy the skies with a friend or a sweetie!
5709	Tractor Takedown
5710	Send the tractor barreling forward at high speed, crashing into nearby enemies. Foes hit by the tractor will be temporarily stunned, as this is not how they imagined their day going.
5711	Send the tractor barreling forward at high speed, crashing into nearby enemies. Foes hit by the tractor will be temporarily stunned, as this is not how they imagined their day going.
5712	Play With Pet
5713	Pets always wants to play with their master.\nIf masters play with their pets until they're fully satisfied, pets will sing a little song of harmony.\nThese special harmonies can have a variety of different effects.
5714	Pets always wants to play with their master.\nIf masters play with their pets until they're fully satisfied, pets will sing a little song of harmony.\nThese special harmonies can have a variety of different effects.
5715	Joyful Japari Park
5716	You can receive the Joyful Japari Park buff, which lasts for 10 minutes.
5717	Height when the marble is picked up
5718	Knockdown duration upon succeeding Rodeo (ms)
5719	Hit damage amplification amount upon succeeding Rodeo (%)
5720	Serval's Strike
5721	Professor's Flight
5722	Assistant's Insight
5723	Caracal's Intimidation
5724	Throw Burning\nPaper Airplane
5725	Serval Jump
5726	A skill that lets you throw a burning paper airplane. It was set brilliantly ablaze with the heated passion in your heart!
5727	A jump action that lets you leap high into the air. Take a deep breath and, once you're ready, press the space bar. You must have both hands empty to perform this action.
5728	A skill that lets you throw a burning paper airplane. It was set brilliantly ablaze with the heated passion in your heart!
5729	A jump action that lets you leap high into the air. Take a deep breath and, once you're ready, press the space bar. You must have both hands empty to perform this action.
5737	Glyph Design
5738	Glyph Formulation
5739	Glyph Lore
5740	Vayne Stab
5741	Vayne Crush
5742	Summon Balor
5743	Prop Interaction
5744	Glyph Evocation
5745	Stationery Crafting
5746	Come!
5747	Adorable Wiggle
5748	Lovable Yip
5749	Form Change
5750	The loyal Corgi opens the magic door and runs out. Enemies around where the Corgi lands are shocked, temporarily stunning and damaging them.
5751	The Corgi's adorable wiggling lowers an enemy's guard, decreasing their Defense and Protection. The decrease is applied up to 3 times over the duration of the skill. However, the debuff will disappear after a time if the enemy moves out of range of the Corgi.
5752	A skill that can change the Corgi's size. When in its larger form, the Corgi can be mounted and fly. When in its smaller form, it can follow you on a walk!\nWhile your Corgi is summoned, you can purchase the Corgi Leash Selection Box from Tupai in Cor Village.
5753	The loyal Corgi opens the magic door and runs out. Enemies around where the Corgi lands are shocked, temporarily stunning and damaging them.
5754	The Corgi's adorable wiggling lowers an enemy's guard, decreasing their Defense and Protection. The decrease is applied up to 3 times over the duration of the skill. However, the debuff will disappear after a time if the enemy moves out of range of the Corgi.
5755	The Corgi's cute barking restores the owner's HP, MP, and Stamina, and grants the Corgi Companionship buff.\nThe Corgi Companionship buff increases Defense, Protection, Magic Defense, and Magic Protection for 30 sec.
5756	A skill that can change the Corgi's size. When in its larger form, the Corgi can be mounted and fly. When in its smaller form, it can follow you on a walk!\nWhile your Corgi is summoned, you can purchase the Corgi Leash Selection Box from Tupai in Cor Village.
5757	Adorable Wiggle
5758	The Corgi's cute barking restores the owner's HP, MP, and Stamina, and grants the Corgi Companionship buff.\nThe Corgi Companionship buff increases Defense, Protection, Magic Defense, and Magic Protection for 30 sec.
5759	The Corgi's adorable wiggling lowers an enemy's guard, decreasing their Magic Defense and Magic Protection. The decrease is applied up to 3 times over the duration of the skill. However, the debuff will disappear after a time if the enemy moves out of range of the Corgi.
5760	The Corgi's adorable wiggling lowers an enemy's guard, decreasing their Magic Defense and Magic Protection. The decrease is applied up to 3 times over the duration of the skill. However, the debuff will disappear after a time if the enemy moves out of range of the Corgi.
5766	Allows you to draw patterns on Magic Parchment using a Magic Quill. The completed design is preserved as a Glyph Imprint, which can be turned into a Glyph using the Glyph Formulation skill.
5767	Draws the magical power from a Glyph Imprint to create a Glyph. Specific magic effects can be chosen during formulation; higher quality Glyph Imprints will yield more potent effects.
5768	Your overall knowledge of the art of glyphwrighting. Affects the quality, usage limits, and formulation of Glyph items, as well as the duration of a Glyph when evoked.
5769	Evoke a Glyph to cast its effects on yourself or on the ground. Up to 3 Glyphs can be set for use in a single evocation.
5770	Craft the Magic Quill Pens and Magic Parchment needed to design glyphs. This skill also lets you craft Magic Ink that imbues glyphs with special colors. Both hands must be free to use this skill.
5771	Read Patterns of Power (1), sold by Aeira in Dunbarton.
5772	Read Patterns of Power (1), sold by Aeira in Dunbarton.
5773	Read Patterns of Power (1), sold by Aeira in Dunbarton.
5774	Read Patterns of Power (1), sold by Aeira in Dunbarton.
5775	Read Patterns of Power (1), sold by Aeira in Dunbarton.
5776	Nuckelavee Headbutt
5777	Nuckelavee Breach
5778	Nuckelavee Sound Waves
5779	Nuckelavee Tail Thrash
5780	Nuckelavee Escape
5781	Hymerark Black Hole
5782	Hymerark's Whisper
5785	Seal: Pragarah
5786	Production Mastery
5787	Improves crafting know-how commonly associated with almost all production skills, excluding cooking and enchants.
5788	The act of creation involves selecting materials and assembling them to bring your idea to life. Studying the relationships between materials and pondering the many ways in which they can be combined to produce the desired results is an exercise in patience and perseverance, which leads to the development of stamina. Production Mastery allows the creator's imagination to take shape and be fully realized through the labor of their own hands. The joy of creation and the satisfaction of turning concepts into reality is the driving force behind Production Mastery. (Cooking, Enchants, Pet Training, and Glyphwright Talents are not affected by this skill.)
5789	Talk to Alissa in Tir Chonaill with the Skills keyword.\n\nOr, during the tutorial, undertake the 'Production Mastery' quest or the 'Red Sand Scorpion Venom Sac' quest.
5790	Zombie Walk
5791	Use this to walk like a zombie.
5792	Use this to walk like a zombie.
5821	Blast
5822	Flare
5823	Blow
5824	Chaser
5825	Veil
5826	Activation Rate
5827	Activation Rate
5828	Attack Range (Circular Radius)
5829	Selectable Area
5830	Activation Rate
5831	Damage
5832	Damage
5833	Damage
5834	Effect Range
5835	Duration increased by {0} sec
5836	Knockback Chance
5837	Damage per Sec
5838	Hit Damage Reduction
5839	Knockback Distance
5840	Bonus Damage
5841	Damage Reflection
5842	Cooldown
5843	Stun Duration
5844	Barrier Activation Rate Increase
5845	Stun Interval
5846	var6 Duration
5847	Cooldown
5848	Motion Time 1 (Shoot Up)
5849	Motion Time 1 (Go)
5850	Motion Time 2 (Wait)
5851	Motion Time 3 (Attack)
5852	Motion Time 1 (Go)
5853	Motion Time 2 (Attack)
5854	Motion Time 3 (Go Back)
5855	Motion Time 1 (Move Around)
5856	Motion Time 2 (Go Back)
5857	Motion Time 1 (Gather)
5858	Motion Time 2 (Attacking)
5859	Duration
5860	Motion Time 3 (Go Back)
5861	Motion Time 2 (Descend)
5862	Float Up
5863	Protective Wave
5864	Water Wave
5865	Purifying Wave
5866	Jumping Jumping
5867	Motion Time 4 (Go Back)
5868	On the brink of its owner's death, the whale releases a protective wave to save the owner and help them recover some HP.
5869	Inflicts damage and pushes away nearby enemies. Damaged enemies will be marked, and thus more vulnerable to your attacks. Some monsters cannot be pushed away.
5870	The whale's purifying wave increases your recovery speed and movement speed. It also removes debuffs such as bleeding, curse, groggy, stun, poison, and petrification.
5871	Use this skill to ride the whale's water stream. Use the Float High button in the character menu.\nYou can use this skill on the pet's owner or on another party member, but not on a monster.\nYou cannot use it while in combat, using skills, trading, transforming, or other such actions.
5872	On the brink of its owner's death, the whale releases a protective wave to save the owner and help them recover some HP.
5873	Inflicts damage and pushes away nearby enemies. Damaged enemies will be marked, and thus more vulnerable to your attacks. Some monsters cannot be pushed away.
5874	The whale's purifying wave increases your recovery speed and movement speed. It also removes debuffs such as bleeding, curse, groggy, stun, poison, and petrification.
5875	Use this skill to ride the whale's water stream. Use the Float High button in the character menu.\nYou can use this skill on the pet's owner or on another party member, but not on a monster.\nYou cannot use it while in combat, using skills, trading, transforming, or other such actions.
5876	Guardian Impulse
5877	Dynamis Rush
5878	Steadfast Blessing
5879	Power Slam
5880	Festering Resentment
5881	Earth Shock
5882	Condensed Force
5883	Noxious Chunk
5884	Cursed Swarm
5885	Midnight\nCouples Flight
5886	A skill received when you formed a bond with your special sweetie. The magic powder, of unknown origin, will make your body as light as air and let you take to the skies around Erinn. Fly whenever you want!\nYou can also right-click on others and request that they Fly Together with you. Dance through the skies with a like-minded friend or sweetie.
5887	Attack Range Increase Per Second While Charging
5888	Maximum Amount Gathered Per Use
5889	Awakening of Light
5890	Spear of Light
5891	Fury of Light
5892	Awakening of Light
5893	Spear of Light
5894	Fury of Light
5895	Shadow Spirit
5896	Wings of Eclipse
5897	Wings of Rage
5898	A skill that can only be used when Awakening of Light is active. Commands the souls absorbed from the fallen enemies to attack other enemies. Souls will fight while their energy lasts or until the enemies have been defeated. You can also send out the souls to all nearby enemies to launch a simultaneous attack. However, the power of each soul is diminished in broader attacks.
5899	A skill that allows you to channel the power of the gods for a short time. Increases your Movement Speed, restores your HP, MP, and Stamina, and removes Stun. You can also view the mini-map in the dungeon and use Arat Berry effects in relic exploration. Remember, this state won't last long, so make good use of it.
5900	A skill that can only be used when Awakening of Light is active. Creates a Spear of Light that can be thrown at the enemies. The spear deals damage to all enemies in its path until it reaches the target and creates an explosion that deals a lesser amount of damage to any enemies nearby.
5901	A skill that can only be used when Awakening of Light is active. When you use the skill, your body will glow, emitting a ray of light that will strike the closest enemy. Its greatest advantage is that you can move or use another skill while the light is flying towards the enemy.
5902	A skill that allows you to channel the power of the gods for a short time. Increases your Movement Speed, restores your HP, MP, and Stamina, and removes Stun. You can also view the mini-map in the dungeon and use Arat Berry effects in relic exploration. Remember, this state won't last long, so make good use of it.
5903	A skill that can only be used when Awakening of Light is active. Creates a Spear of Light that can be thrown at the enemies. The spear deals damage to all enemies in its path until it reaches the target and creates an explosion that deals a lesser amount of damage to any enemies nearby.
5904	A skill that can only be used when Awakening of Light is active. When you use the skill, your body will glow, emitting a ray of light that will strike the closest enemy. Its greatest advantage is that you can move or use another skill while the light is flying towards the enemy.
5905	A skill that can only be used when Awakening of Light is active. Commands the souls absorbed from the fallen enemies to attack other enemies. Souls will fight while their energy lasts or until the enemies have been defeated. You can also send out the souls to all nearby enemies to launch a simultaneous attack. However, the power of each soul is diminished in broader attacks.
5906	A skill that can only be used when Awakening of Light is active. Summons crows that defend you from all attacks. While under their protection, you will not be knocked down or stunned. However, your Training EXP decreases each time an attack is blocked. Taking powerful damage may cancel the skill.
5907	A skill that can only be used when Awakening of Light is active. Summons small crows that charge at the target. Crows explode when they reach the target. These small crows surround and attack all enemies they touch, dealing continuous damage for a while.
5908	Clear G10 [Goddess of Light].
5909	Duration
5910	Damage
5911	Damage
5912	Damage
5913	Defense
5914	Damage
5915	Cooldown Reduced
5916	Range
5917	Damage
5918	HP Recovery
5919	Damage
5920	Attack Range
5921	Attack Range
5922	Cooldown Reduced
5923	Attack Range
5924	MP Recovery
5925	Range
5926	Stamina Recovery
5927	Explosion Range
5928	Cooldown Reduced
5929	Cooldown Reduced
5930	Ignore Stun
5931	Cooldown Reduced
5932	Sharpened Claw
5933	Devilish Ray
5934	Dark Lure
5936	Irusan slashes at nearby enemies with their sharp claws, leaving a magical brand.
5937	Irusan unleashes Fomorian rays to terrorize enemies standing before them. Enemies hit by the rays are marked with a magical brand.
5938	Irusan invokes a magic circle on the ground. Enemies that enter the circle will receive damage after n sec.
6018	Act 7: Climactic Crash
6019	A Marionette skill in which the puppet charges forward, cutting a destructive swath through the enemy ranks. This part of the performance is the climactic battle when the hero finally achieves victory over her antagonists.
6020	After reaching Rank A in Control Marionette, complete the [Act 7: Climactic Crash] quest.
6021	Damage Magnification
6022	Charge Width
6023	Casting Time
6024	Cooldown
6025	Spirit Gauge Speed
6026	Water Cannon
6027	Wind Blast
6028	Flame Burst
6029	Sand Burst
6030	Frozen Blast
6031	Shock
6032	Heat Buster
6033	Hydra Transmutation
6034	A skill that fires a powerful stream of water from the Cylinder using Water Crystals. The high-speed blast deals significant damage and knocks down nearby opponents. You can load up to 5 crystals at a time, which can be fired all at once if necessary. Damage increases with a higher average of your Max HP, Max MP, and Max Stamina. (Material: 1 Water Crystal)
6035	Creates a freezing snowstorm by firing a Blizzard Crystal from the Cylinder. Frozen enemies cannot move and take greater damage from physical attacks.
6036	A skill that fires a powerful stream of water from the Cylinder using Water Crystals. The high-speed blast deals significant damage and knocks down nearby opponents. You can load up to 5 crystals at a time, which can be fired all at once if necessary. Damage increases with a higher average of your Max HP, Max MP, and Max Stamina. (Material: 1 Water Crystal)
6037	A skill that lets loose a blast of wind from the Cylinder using Wind Crystals. It does little damage but can knock away nearby opponents far away. Damage increases with higher Stamina. Damage increases with a higher average of your Max HP, Max MP, and Max Stamina. (Material: 1 Wind Crystal)
6038	Launches a wall of flames from the Cylinder using Fire Crystals. The flames last for a short time, but long enough to hit nearby enemies multiple times. You can load up to 5 crystals at a time, which can be fired all at once if necessary. Damage increases with a higher average of your Max HP, Max MP, and Max Stamina. (Material: 1 Fire Crystal)
6039	A skill that peppers enemies with sand from Earth Crystals loaded into the cylinder. This attack frequently blinds the opponent, briefly preventing an adequate counter. Even the most powerful enemies can be blinded if you have an advanced rank. Damage increases with a higher average of your Max HP, Max MP, and Max Stamina. (Material: 1 Earth Crystal)
6040	Creates a freezing snowstorm by firing crystals from the Cylinder. Frozen enemies cannot move and take greater damage from physical attacks. Damage increases with a higher average of your Max HP, Max MP, and Max Stamina. (Material: 2 Water Crystals, 1 Wind Crystal)
6041	A skill that generates powerful electricity using Wind Crystals from the Cylinder. When active, a glowing shield will form around your body. You will still be able to move and use other skills. Nearby enemies may become stunned or electrocuted, and you will not take any damage. Damage increases with a higher average of your Max HP, Max MP, and Max Stamina.(Material: 2 Wind Crystals, 1 Fire Crystal)
6042	Fires a pressurized Fire Crystal from the Cylinder. This skill can only be used after pressure has been generated by other Alchemy skills. Damage increases with a higher average of your Max HP, Max MP, and Max Stamina. (Material: 5 Fire Crystals)
6043	Summons a Hydra that spits venom, causing consistent damage and corroding enemy magic defense and protection. The Hydra's damage stacks 5 times and increases with a higher average of your Max HP, Max MP, and Max Stamina. (Required Crystals: 5 Earth Crystals)
6044	Purchase a Water Crystal from Eabha in Taillteann, then reconnect.
6045	Talk to Eabha in Taillteann with the 'Skills' keyword.
6046	Advance the Water Cannon and Wind Blast skills to Rank D or higher, then talk to Eabha in Taillteann with the 'Skills' keyword. Then, do the Flaming Fire Crystal quest.
6047	Talk to Lucas in Emain Macha with the 'Skills' keyword, then do the Blindness quest.
6048	When Water Cannon is Rank A or higher and you've already learned the Synthesis skill, talk to Dorren in Taillteann with the 'Skills' keyword, then go through the Calming the Snow Storm quest.
6049	During the G11 Storyline, do the Ancient Alchemy mission.
6050	During the G12 Storyline, go through the Underground Waterway Investigation quest.
6051	Complete the Darkness Transmutation obtained when the Guard Cylinder Mastery skill is at Rank F or above.
6052	Min Damage
6053	Min Damage
6054	Min Damage
6055	Minimum Blindness Duration
6056	Effect Duration
6057	Min Damage
6058	Summon Race ID
6059	Max Damage
6060	Max Damage
6061	Max Damage
6062	Maximum Blindness Duration
6063	Range
6064	Max Damage
6065	Damage Cycle (ms)
6066	Range
6067	Attack Range
6068	Blindness Enhancement
6069	Min Damage
6070	Effect Duration
6071	Max Damage
6072	Radius
6073	Duration
6074	Min Damage
6075	Stun Duration
6076	Max Damage
6077	Attack Range
6078	Min Damage
6079	Enemies Hit
6080	Monster Stun Duration
6081	Max Damage
6082	Magic Defense Reduction
6083	Magic Protection Reduction
6084	Urgent Shot
6085	Urgent Shot allows you to focus your mind to fire arrows faster than usual. Use it to attack and interrupt the enemy's actions, knocking back the enemy and increasing the aiming speed of your next attack.
6086	Complete the Creating Opportunity from Crisis quest after Support Shot is Rank B or higher.
6087	Damage
6088	Cooldown Reduced
6089	Next Aiming Speed
6098	Jumping Dash
6099	Double Blow
6100	Storm Blade
6101	Erg Beam
6102	Razing Erg Beam
6103	Erg Black Hole
6104	Glas Ghaibhleann
6105	Gelatinous Bomb
6106	Glas Ghaibhleann takes flight, swooping at the target to deal damage. It summons an Erg sphere and invokes a magic circle on the ground. Those that enter the circle will be immobilized for n sec.
6107	Glas Ghaibhleann attacks a single target 2 times, dealing n damage.
6108	Glas Ghaibhleann attacks all nearby targets, dealing n damage.
6109	Glas Ghaibhleann fires an Erg beam forward, dealing n damage. The pets of those hit by the beam will be de-summoned, and cannot be summoned again for n seconds.
6110	Glas Ghaibhleann fires an Erg beam while spinning around, dealing n damage to all nearby targets. The pets of those hit by the beam will be de-summoned, and cannot be summoned again for n seconds.
6111	Glas Ghaibhleann tears open a rift in space, creating an Erg black hole. This black hole leaves a fell magic circle on the ground, instantly killing those who enter it. Glas Ghaibhleann's Attack will increased by n equal to the number who died to the black hole.
6112	Glas Ghaibhleann collapses, temporarily incapacitated. While in this vulnerable state, it takes double damage.
6113	Has a n% chance of deflecting all attacks and self-destructs after a certain period of time, damaging all surrounding targets before dying.
6157	Divine Blessing
6158	Bestows a boon that increases the Defense, Protection, Magic Defense, and Magic Protection of nearby allies by n%. This effect will stack if there is another caster nearby.
6165	Fireball
6166	A magic spell that hits enemies with a ball of fire. Further details are unknown.
6167	If a Firebolt like a flaming arrow, then a Fireball is like an explosive cannonball. Create an orb of fire by rapidly rotating elemental energies around a focal core. The spell arcs like a heavy cannonball due to the forces of gravity and inertia.
6168	Equip the 'the Elemental Apprentice' title, which can be obtained by learning the 3 types of magic bolts. Then talk to Stewart in Dunbarton using the 'Skills' keyword to get the Learn Fireball quest.
6169	Min Damage
6170	Max Damage
6171	Crash Shot
6172	A skill that fires an arrowhead that detects enemies using the principle of Ice Mine. When the arrowhead pierces the enemy, it then detonates inside your original target while the fragment of the arrowhead fly outward, hitting any nearby enemies. Make sure to use this skill against a foe who is near other targets. When fired at an enemy who isn't near any other enemies, the arrowhead will not detonate.
6173	A skill that fires an arrowhead that detects enemies using the principle of Ice Mine. When the arrowhead pierces the enemy, it then detonates inside your original target while the fragment of the arrowhead fly outward, hitting any nearby enemies. Make sure to use this skill against a foe who is near other targets. When fired at an enemy who isn't near any other enemies, the arrowhead will not detonate.
6174	Do the Fragment Attack quest that is given after raising Ranged Attack to Rank 9 or higher.
6175	Projectile Damage
6176	Fragment Damage
6177	Max Fragment Radius
6178	Max Number of Fragments
6179	Act 2: Threshold Cutter
6180	Act 2: Threshold Cutter AI
6181	A Marionette skill that unleashes 3 powerful hits on the enemy. This part of the performance is when the hero overcomes her first challenge and crosses the threshold to adventure.
6182	Complete the Puppeteer Talent Tutorial or equip a Control Bar to get the Mysterious Mail quest, followed by the Hugh's Childhood quest.
6183	1 Hit Damage Magnification
6184	1 Hit Damage Magnification
6185	Critical Rate Boost
6186	Critical Rate Boost
6187	Cooldown
6188	Cooldown
6189	2 Hit Damage Magnification
6190	2 Hit Damage Magnification
6191	3 Hit Damage Magnification
6192	3 Hit Damage Magnification
6193	Spirit Gauge Speed
6194	Hail Storm
6195	When people think of magic, they think of the ability to manipulate weather. This basic skill allows you to create a snow storm, gather ice from that storm, and then unleash that ice upon your enemies. You need to wield a staff to use the skill, but it will allow you to ceaselessly attack nearby enemies.
6196	When people think of magic, they think of the ability to manipulate weather. This basic skill allows you to create a snow storm, gather ice from that storm, and then unleash that ice upon your enemies. You need to wield a staff to use the skill, but it will allow you to ceaselessly attack nearby enemies.
6197	Learn the Icebolt, Ice Spear, and Ice Shield skills, and then clear the Ice Travel quest by talking to Stewart in Dunbarton about Skills.
6198	Min Damage
6199	Max Damage
6200	Range
6201	Casting Time
6202	Fabulous Entrance
6203	Fabulous Dance
6204	Special Gift
6205	Round of Applause
6206	Dagger Throw
6207	Inflicts strong damage on enemies along from Foxyquin's fabulous footwork. Leaves a mark that increases your damage as well the damage afflicted enemies take.
6208	Draws the attention of enemies with a present from Foxyquin. Enemies lured in by the gift temporarily become confused.
6209	Pull an amazing stunt with Foxyquin! Don't worry if your stunt is a little awkward. If Foxyquin claps then you know you're a star!
6210	Inflicts strong damage on enemies along from Foxyquin's fabulous footwork. Leaves a mark that increases your damage as well the damage afflicted enemies take.
6211	Draws the attention of enemies with a present from Foxyquin. Enemies lured in by the gift temporarily become confused.
6212	Pull an amazing stunt with Foxyquin! Don't worry if your stunt is a little awkward. If Foxyquin claps then you know you're a star!
6213	Fishing
6214	Fishing is the only way to pull a catch from the water. You need a pole and bait, but it takes more than just equipment to excel at it. One needs the skill to properly set the bait on the hook, judiciously choose the best places to fish, and have the patience to wait until the catch is completely hooked. Beyond those things, a good angler must know when, after an extended struggle, to swiftly pull the exhausted fish from the water. These qualities and more are the reason some say that those who possess a mastery of fishing have achieved some measure of true wisdom.
6215	Equip a Fishing Rod, which are sold at General Shops.
6216	Fish Size
6217	Biting Rate
6218	Automatic Fishing Success Rate
6220	Automatic Fishing Catch Size Limit
6221	Bullet Slide
6222	Shooting Rush
6223	This skill fires at a target four times while propelling you away. This stylish sliding attack is great for getting you out of danger.\nConsumes [4] Mana Bullets
6224	A combat skill that can knock down all surrounding enemies while charging forward rapidly. This skill is quite destructive, but it can land you in hot water if you're not careful!\nConsumes [8] Mana Bullets
6225	Equip Dual Guns when you are Level 25 or above. You can purchase Dual Guns from an Engineer.
6226	Equip Dual Guns when you are Level 25 or above. You can purchase Dual Guns from an Engineer.
6227	Damage per Shot
6228	Damage per Shot
6229	Attack Spread
6230	Attack Range
6231	Shuriken Charge
6232	This technique is based on gathering your internal energies and channeling them into the shuriken. Also damages enemies near the target.
6233	This technique is based on gathering your internal energies and channeling them into the shuriken. Also damages enemies near the target.
6234	Complete quest: First Encounter
6235	Skill Range
6236	Single Damage
6237	Splash Damage
6238	Splash Radius
6239	Full Charge Time
6240	Explosive Kunai
6241	This old ninja trick involves attaching a small proximity explosive to a kunai and planting it for an unsuspecting enemy. The explosion will trigger when they get close, briefly stunning them and decreasing their movement speed for a short time.
6242	This old ninja trick involves attaching a small proximity explosive to a kunai and planting it for an unsuspecting enemy. The explosion will trigger when they get close, briefly stunning them and decreasing their movement speed for a short time.
6243	Complete quest: Explosive Surprise
6244	Explosive Damage
6245	Enemy Movement Speed Reduction
6246	Enemy Movement Speed Debuff Duration
6247	Duration
6248	Number of Explosives
6249	Range
6250	Shadow Cloak
6251	This technique allows you to disappear by harnessing your own shadow. Your movement speed will increase while in hiding, and leaving stealth will produce a huge gust of wind that can damage a targeted enemy. If no enemy is targeted, the gust will damage the nearest enemy. Ninja skills will deal bonus damage while you are hidden, and using a skill or Tornado while stealthed will reveal you.
6252	This technique allows you to disappear by harnessing your own shadow. Your movement speed will increase while in hiding, and leaving stealth will produce a huge gust of wind that can damage a targeted enemy. If no enemy is targeted, the gust will damage the nearest enemy. Ninja skills will deal bonus damage while you are hidden, and using a skill or Tornado while stealthed will reveal you.
6253	Complete quest: Into the Shadows
6254	Increases Movement Speed
6255	Tornado Damage
6256	Duration
6257	Smokescreen
6258	This capsule is full of a foul powder that decreases enemy Defense, Magic Defense, Protection, and Magic Protection, thus increasing the damage of your next attack!
6259	This capsule is full of a foul powder that decreases enemy Defense, Magic Defense, Protection, and Magic Protection, thus increasing the damage of your next attack!
6260	Complete quest: The Crisis
6261	Skill Range
6262	Smoke Radius
6263	Defense and Magic Defense Reduction
6264	Flash Launcher
6265	Grapple Shot
6266	Bullet Storm
6267	This skill explodes the full force of a Mana Bullet into the target. The shockwave does considerable damage.\nConsumes [4] Mana Bullets
6268	This skill charges one of your Mana Bullets with an attractive force to quickly move you to a selected location. Attacks by swinging the barrel if the enemy is at the target location.\nConsumes [2] Mana Bullets
6269	This skill quickly shoots Mana Bullets at multiple enemies. Both the target's defense and protection are applied to the Mana Bullets. Although it looks like just one shot, the characteristics of Pragarah can quickly reduce Magic Defense and Protection per actual hit.
6270	When at or above level 25, begin the Intro Gun Training quest. You can start Intro Gun Training by equipping Dual Guns.
6271	Equip Dual Guns when you are Level 25 or above. You can purchase Dual Guns from an Engineer.
6272	Equip Dual Guns when you are Level 25 or above. You can purchase Dual Guns from an Engineer.
6273	Bullet Use
6274	Damage
6275	Damage
6276	Damage Per Shot
6277	Damage increase with Master title
6278	Max Attack Targets
6279	Attack Spread
6280	Attack Range
6281	Max Damage Limit Increase
6282	Kunai Storm
6283	Sakura Abyss
6284	This skill was designed for large groups of enemies. When surrounded, leap into the air and rain down a flurry of hidden kunai to puncture anything in range.
6285	This technique channels a great deal of chi to damage nearby enemies. With enough time, the damage and reach can be extremely high.
6286	This skill was designed for large groups of enemies. When surrounded, leap into the air and rain down a flurry of hidden kunai to puncture anything in range.
6287	This technique channels a great deal of chi to damage nearby enemies. With enough time, the damage and reach can be extremely high.
6288	Complete quest: Anju's Heart
6289	Complete quest: The Last Training
6290	Skill Range
6291	Attack Radius
6292	Damage
6293	Attack Radius Per Charge
6294	Commerce Dragon Thunder
6295	Focus Buff
6296	Shockwave
6297	Life Ender
6298	Dissolving Moonlight
6299	Impending Death
6300	Vast Might
6301	A kind of buff that provides HP, injury recovery effects, and raid monster skill damage increase effects by calculating the number of players within 1200 of the raid monster.
6302	Players near the raid monster take damage and are pushed away. Uses a skill at set intervals regardless of there being any players in range.
6303	Instant kill areas appear outside of range of the raid monster. Players in that area for too long will die.
6304	The raid monster becomes invincible and uses an instant kill skill when they lose enough HP. Unless the boss takes enough damage, all players within the quest zone will be knocked out or lose a chunk of HP.
6305	Applies a condition to a random player that decreases HP, and doubles that effect on the next player if the previous player dies.
6306	Increases Defense, Protection, Magic Defense, and Magic Protection per monster within range of the raid monster.
6307	Player Count Range
6308	Range
6309	Minimum Spawn Range
6310	Add HP per Player
6311	HP Decrease per Second
6312	Ally Count Range
6313	Map HP Recovery Ratio
6314	Distance from Monster after Hit
6315	Max Spawn Range
6317	Effect Duration
6318	Additional Defense
6319	Fixed Time Constant
6320	Fixed Damage
6321	Spawn Amount
6324	Additional Protection
6325	Skill Damage Increase
6327	AoE Range
6328	Additional Magic Defense
6329	Additional Magic Protection
6330	Condition Duration
6331	Process Max Duration
6332	Instant Death Condition (Based on remaining HP ratio)
6333	HP Decrease Based on Remaining HP Ratio
6334	Player Count Range
6335	First Application Target Range
6336	Following Application Target Range
6337	엘레멘탈 인젝션 : 파이어
6338	엘레멘탈 인젝션 : 아이스
6339	엘레멘탈 인젝션 : 라이트닝
6340	어드밴스드 디펜스
6341	파이어 리프 어택
6342	아이스 윈드밀
6343	라이트닝 스매시
6344	Effect Activation Wait Time
6345	Life Ender Max Range for Target Setting
6346	Life Ender Max Quantity for Target Setting
6347	Life Ender Area Radius for Target Setting
6348	Fairy Light
6349	Sonic Breath
6350	Sonic Wave
6351	Musical\nAccompaniment
6352	Harmony of\nValor
6353	Harmony of\nAbundance
6354	Harmony of\nSwiftness
6355	The Fairy Dragon inhales deeply and belts out a Breath attack in the form of a powerful sound wave. The enemies hit by this attack focus their ire on the Fairy Dragon, but find their movement speed reduced as a lingering effect of the ear-splitting cry. However, some special monsters (including boss monsters) are immune to the movement speed-reducing effect.
6356	When its owner performs or sings, the Fairy Dragon can't help but join in, increasing the effect of the performance or song.
6357	A Fairy Dragon that appears drawn to the sound of singing voices and performances featuring musical instruments of all sorts. It has a habit of humming along with melodies it has heard before.
6358	The Fairy Dragon remembers a performance given long ago by a bard for a company soon to depart for the battlefield. Recalling a melody that steels one's courage, it empowers the effect of a Battlefield Overture performed by its owner.
6359	The Fairy Dragon remembers a performance given long ago by a bard for a diverse group of workers. Recalling a melody that celebrates abundance, it empowers the effect of a Harvest Song performed by its owner.
6360	The Fairy Dragon remembers a performance given long ago by a bard at the behest of a society of mages. Recalling a lively melody that flowed from one sound to the next, it empowers the effect of a Vivace performed by its owner.
6361	The Fairy Dragon inhales deeply and belts out a Breath attack in the form of a powerful sound wave. The enemies hit by this attack focus their ire on the Fairy Dragon, but find their movement speed reduced as a lingering effect of the ear-splitting cry. However, some special monsters (including boss monsters) are immune to the movement speed-reducing effect.
6362	When its owner performs or sings, the Fairy Dragon can't help but join in, increasing the effect of the performance or song.
6363	A Fairy Dragon that appears drawn to the sound of singing voices and performances featuring musical instruments of all sorts. It has a habit of humming along with melodies it has heard before.
6364	The Fairy Dragon remembers a performance given long ago by a bard for a company soon to depart for the battlefield. Recalling a melody that steels one's courage, it empowers the effect of a Battlefield Overture performed by its owner.
6365	The Fairy Dragon remembers a performance given long ago by a bard for a diverse group of workers. Recalling a melody that celebrates abundance, it empowers the effect of a Harvest Song performed by its owner.
6366	The Fairy Dragon remembers a performance given long ago by a bard at the behest of a society of mages. Recalling a lively melody that flowed from one sound to the next, it empowers the effect of a Vivace performed by its owner.
6375	Memorial Link
6376	You cannot use this skill right now. Try completing the Memoir first.
6377	A bonding skill, created by Blaanid, that links souls together. Linked souls can share each other's memories and experiences and can bring any dormant power within them to the very limit. Multiple stats of soul linked pets and casters increase, and the pet earns the same EXP that the caster earns through defeating enemies. Also, pets can distract enemies that have recognized the caster, granting the caster a large boost to their Defense and Protection. However, these effects are affected by the pet's stats, level, and Memorial Link rank. Since it acts with the same principles, it cannot be active at the same time as Divine Links.
6378	치유의 손길
6379	구원의 메아리
6380	활력의 목소리
6381	송 오브 하모닉 마이너
6382	정화의 고동
6383	붕괴의 파동
6384	수호의 축복
6385	소생의 찬가
6386	엘레멘탈 인젝션은 장비하고 있는 근접 재능 무기에 각종 엘레멘탈을 부여하여 해당 속성 한 단계 증가와 대미지 향상 외에도 각종 마법을 동시에 시전할 수 있게 하는 등 여러 특별한 효과를 만들어내는 엘레멘탈 나이트의 아이덴티티와도 같은 기술이다. 그중 파이어 엘레멘탈은 일반 공격으로 넓은 범위의 적을 한 번에 공격하는 효과를 받을 수 있으며 불 속성 마법 사용 시 시전 속도 상승과 함께 최대 대미지의 5% 만큼 마법 공격력이 상승되어 적용된다. 동시 시전한 마법은 Ctrl+우클릭으로 사용할 수 있으며 무기의 피어싱 효과를 받을 수 없다. 또한 시전 시간은 50% 이하로는 줄어들지 않는다. 숙련될수록 엘레멘탈을 부여하는 속도가 빨라진다.
6387	엘레멘탈 인젝션은 장비하고 있는 근접 재능 무기에 각종 엘레멘탈을 부여하여 해당 속성 한 단계 증가와 대미지 향상 외에도 각종 마법을 동시에 시전할 수 있게 하는 등 여러 특별한 효과를 만들어내는 엘레멘탈 나이트의 아이덴티티와도 같은 기술이다. 그중 아이스 엘레멘탈은 일반 공격으로 공격한 대상의 이동 속도와 공격 속도를 늦추고 얼음 속성 마법 사용 시 시전 속도 상승과 함께 최대 대미지의 5% 만큼 마법 공격력이 상승되어 적용된다. 동시 시전한 마법은 Ctrl+우클릭으로 사용할 수 있으며 무기의 피어싱 효과를 받을 수 없다. 또한 시전 시간은 50% 이하로는 줄어들지 않는다. 숙련될수록 엘레멘탈을 부여하는 속도가 빨라진다.
6388	엘레멘탈 인젝션은 장비하고 있는 근접 재능 무기에 각종 엘레멘탈을 부여하여 해당 속성 한 단계 증가와 대미지 향상 외에도 각종 마법을 동시에 시전할 수 있게 하는 등 여러 특별한 효과를 만들어내는 엘레멘탈 나이트의 아이덴티티와도 같은 기술이다. 그중 라이트닝 엘레멘탈은 일반 공격 시 상대의 방어와 보호, 그리고 헤비 스탠더 효과를 일정량 무시하게 해주며 전기 속성 마법 사용 시 시전 속도 상승과 함께 최대 대미지의 5% 만큼 마법 공격력이 상승되어 적용된다. 동시 시전한 마법은 Ctrl+우클릭으로 사용할 수 있으며 무기의 피어싱 효과를 받을 수 없다. 또한 시전 시간은 50% 이하로는 줄어들지 않는다. 숙련될수록 엘레멘탈을 부여하는 속도가 빨라진다.
6389	다수와의 전투 중에는 수비 자세를 계속 유지할 수 있는 능력도 필요하다. 어드밴스드 디펜스는 적의 맹공 속에서도 디펜스 상태를 계속 유지, 그리고 찰나의 빈틈을 노려 주변의 적들에게 피해를 줄 수 있는 기술이다. 방어 성공 효과는 사용자가 수련한 디펜스 스킬의 효과를 따르며, 공격을 막아낸 횟수에 따라 반격 대미지가 달라진다. (최대 3회)
6390	빠르게 날아올라 적들을 타격하고 빠르게 후퇴하는, 강력함과 기동성을 동시에 갖춘 기술. 다운 어택을 응용한 이 기술을 사용하면 크게 점프하여 대상과 주변을 화염으로 휩싸인 무기로 공격 후 그 폭발을 이용해 다시 원하는 위치로 튕겨나가듯 빠르게 이동할 수 있다. 기술이 발동된 후 폭발이 일어나기 전의 짧은 순간에 퇴각 위치를 선택하는 것이 중요하다. 다운 어택을 응용한 기술인 만큼 사용자의 다운 어택 대미지와 공격 가능 거리의 영향을 받으며, 엘레멘탈 인젝션 : 파이어가 활성화된 상태라면 좀 더 큰 대미지를 줄 수 있다.
6391	둘러싼 적을 윈드밀로 1차 공격과 함께 얼어붙게 만들어 후속 공격을 이어갈 수 있게 만드는 기술. 공격을 받은 적들은 일정 시간 얼어붙었다가 얼음이 깨질 때 추가 대미지를 입는다. 윈드밀을 응용한 기술인 만큼 사용자의 윈드밀 범위와 대미지의 영향을 받으며, 엘레멘탈 인젝션 : 아이스가 활성화된 상태라면 빙결 유지 시간과 추가 대미지가 증가한다. 넘어지지 않는 적들은 얼지 않으며 이미 아이스 윈드밀로 얼어붙은 적 또한 같은 스킬로 다시 얼릴 수 없다.
6392	라이트닝 엘레멘탈이 실린 무기로 스매시를 시전해 전방의 적들에게 번개를 내리치는 기술. 스매시를 응용한 기술인 만큼 사용자의 스매시 대미지의 영향을 받으며 이 기술의 숙련 정도에 따른 대미지가 추가된다. 엘레멘탈 인젝션 : 라이트닝이 활성화된 상태라면 대미지가 더욱 증가한다.
6393	엘레멘탈 나이트의 아르카나 레벨을 8 이상으로 올린다.
6394	엘레멘탈 나이트의 아르카나 레벨을 7 이상, 엘레멘탈 인젝션 : 파이어 스킬의 랭크를 B 랭크 이상으로 올린다.
6395	엘레멘탈 나이트의 아르카나 레벨을 7 이상, 엘레멘탈 인젝션 : 아이스 스킬의 랭크를 B 랭크 이상으로 올린다.
6396	엘레멘탈 나이트의 아르카나 레벨을 7 이상, 엘레멘탈 인젝션 : 라이트닝 스킬의 랭크를 B 랭크 이상으로 올린다.
6397	치유의 손길은 위급한 상황에서 아군의 생명력을 빠르게 회복시킬 수 있다. 힐링 스킬과 동일한 기반과 원리를 갖지만 아르카나를 활용해 회복력을 대폭 강화했다. 힐링 스킬의 회복력에 큰 영향을 받으며, 해당 스킬의 회복력이 높을 수록 효과가 증폭된다.
6398	구원의 메아리는 지정 범위 내 파티원들의 생명력을 회복시킬 수 있다. 파티 힐링 스킬과 동일한 기반과 원리를 갖지만 아르카나를 활용해 회복력을 대폭 강화했다. 파티 힐링 스킬의 회복력에 큰 영향을 받으며, 해당 스킬의 회복력이 높을 수록 효과가 증폭된다.
6399	활력의 목소리는 넓은 범위 내 파티원들의 생명력을 지속적으로 회복시키고 속성에 대한 내성을 증가시킨다. 회복력이 높은 것은 아니지만 지속적인 아르카나의 작용으로 긴 시간 효과가 지속된다. 매직 실드 스킬의 랭크가 높을 수록 속성 내성의 효과가 증폭된다.
6400	시전자를 중심으로 일정 범위 내 적들에게 강력한 음파를 이용해 공격한다. 스킬을 사용하는 동안 시전자에게는 거대한 음압이 결집되며 스킬 사용이 종료되면 폭발하듯 방출된다. 이때 방출되는 에너지는 스킬의 지속 시간이 길어질 수록 더 강력해진다. 다만, 스킬을 지속하는 동안 시전자는 움직일 수 없으며, 생명력과 마나가 급격히 소모되기 때문에 사용에 주의가 필요하다.
6401	시전자를 중심으로 일정 범위 내 적들의 전투 지속력을 일시적으로 크게 감소시킨다. 음악 버프 스킬과 같은 기반과 원리를 갖지만 아르카나를 활용해 성능을 대폭 강화했다. 죽음의 무도 스킬과 환상의 코러스 스킬의 영향을 크게 받으며 해당 스킬들의 랭크가 높을 수록 효과가 더 증폭된다.
6402	시전자를 중심으로 일정 범위 내 파티원들의 생존력을 일시적으로 크게 증가시킨다. 음악 버프 스킬과 같은 기반과 원리를 갖지만 아르카나를 활용해 성능을 대폭 강화했다. 인내의 노래 스킬의 영향을 크게 받으며 해당 스킬의 랭크가 높을 수록 효과가 더 증폭된다.
6403	피닉스의 깃털이 가지고 있는 부활 효과를 아르카나를 활용해 마법으로 공식화했다. 마나의 흐름을 이용해 효과를 증폭시켜 부활시킬 파티원의 거리가 멀어도 문제가 없으며 회복력도 대폭 증가했다. 응급 치료 스킬의 영향을 크게 받으며 해당 스킬의 랭크가 높을 수록 효과가 더 증폭된다.
